After walking around for what felt like forever, hubby & I decided to grab drinks at the bar.  I'm certain that the restaurant & the roof deck are worth checking out, but that was just not what we felt up to doing.  The bartender was extremely friendly -- offering up advice about the Canadian brews.  He convinced hubby to try a Moosehead (or Moose Juice as he called it) -- not my kind of beer, but still had that crisp Canadian beer taste to it.\n\nThe bar was a comfortable atmosphere & pretty quiet for a Sunday night on a long weekend... but the service was personal & they had the Pats pregame on one of their big screen tvs (def. a plus!).
FRIGGEN PHENOMENAL. Food was absolutely on point and the tall guy behind the counter was awesome. I'm writing this as I eat because I was too excited about how great the food was to let another minute go by without telling the world. I highly suggest the Jun special, it's an awesome sampler plate of all the goods.
$42 for a small take out lunch for two of two caprese sandwiches, a kale salad, and a water. They were out of the ingredients for the PB&j for the entire week of our stay, and the caprese took 10+ min to make because they had to "go downstairs to get the mozzarella." What? Why do you not have the ingredients on hand to make take out items? Food was mediocre too. Huge disappointment after getting excited about the menu. :(
For another city this restaurant might get a higher rating, but compared to other buffets in Las Vegas, the Buffet at the Aria doesn't match up. Especially compared to the Bellagio next door that has the same price for lunch and dinner, the Bellagio wins without doubt.\n\nThe main reason I went was for the oysters on the half shell, but beware: the oysters were unfresh, dessicated,  and had such a strong fishy taste that I was unable to swallow them. Also they looked as if no one had touched them on the ice which made them the more unfresh. The sushi was palatable though I suspect the Aria does not hire a real sashimi chef with the sashimi being unevenly cut. \n\nThe prime rib and the flank steak were good, although they were not seasoned particularly well to meet the standard already set by the Bellagio. As the newcomer on the block, the Aria does not make a case for itself; the Bellagio does a better job and has much more selection for the same cost. The Aria buffet resembles a cafeteria and the interior is somewhat claustrophobic.\n\nThe saving grace of this buffet is the beautiful presentation of its desserts, this could make it worth it if you are a dessert fan, although the selection is definitely less varied than that at the Bellagio. \n\nAll in all, the Aria was digestible (apart from the oysters), but it cannot compete in the competitive buffet scene of Las Vegas.
My friends and I went to Lolo's for the first time and I fell in love with it! The server was very friendly, the food came out quickly and it was delicious! I got the "Betty Boob", which was the chicken breast and waffles...amazing! \n\nMy favorite part was the atmosphere. It was comfortable and family friendly. The tables were a little close together but that seemed to lend itself to a sort of togetherness with the other diners that I wouldn't have thought that I would enjoy but I did. There was a lot of chatter and laughing in the dining area but how could that possibly be a bad thing? I'll definitely be back.
Was staying in Vegas for the weekend and wanted some Chinese food. Found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try? Glad I did! Food was very delicious and tasty, service was good!
Herb Box is a cool place to hang out on their deck. We had sauvignon blanc, before heading to San Diego. It's cute inside, but the real fun is eating outside.
My husband and I had lunch at the pub on 9/25.  We were seated right away. The decor was rich, and seats were very comfortable. However our table was unsteady, my husband couldn't put his feet on the foot of the table because it was shift the table and possible knock over drinks. \n\nOur waitress was on point, she did great recommendations and my drink never went empty. The food, was 100% delicious. Appetizers perfect size and balance to the meals. We had an egg type appetizer, it was flavorful and unique, not something you can get anywhere.  \n\n    Our burgers of choice was lamb and Hell's Kitchen. I had the Hell's Kitchen burger, first of all the texture was so soft everything melted like butter in your mouth. Perfect cook, perfect amount of ingredients. The mushroom fries are also a good choice.  The best part of our meal was honestly the dessert. Best desert. The signature sticky toffee pudding left me speechless\n\nThe price in reflection of food was worth paying for. Beside the wonky table, I can not wait to try the steak house next:)
Serviceable but not great... too many fine Ramen Joints in town to recommend before this one.  The setup is cool with the long bar facing the kitchen, and the service is quick and friendly... but the Ramen was just ok.
If you're looking for an adventure in Las Vegas when it comes to food, this is the place to go (and this adventure isn't for the weak!) I had to say I was extremely sketchy because you get a pound or more of crawfish freshly boiled, mixed in with their seasonings and sauces, and you have to be the one to crack them open yourself to get to the crawfish meat, but that is the whole experience and beauty of the restaurant. \n\nI wish I could try their other sauces and seasoning, but I feel even the next step up from what is considered mild is way too spicy and hot for me. Guess I need to work on becoming a novice here! Anyways, this location is always busy, and expect a bit of a wait every time you come (larger parties are always going to be an hour of more). I rate this 4 stars because this is a very interesting experience when it comes to dining! Be fearless!
I like MGM and they take good care of us. We do a little gambling here... sometimes we win, most times we don't, but they have a pretty good comp system and we tend to end up with some really nice rooms for not a lot of cash. Our favorite spot is the West Wing Bar as its kind of hidden in the front of the casino and there are plenty of comfortable spots to lounge around and have a drink. \n\nOh, the lions are awesome! I would love to go in and play with one, but I don't want to get eaten... our house cat is rough enough and he's only 11 pounds... imagine a 800 pound lion?
Not at all one of the best all you can eat sushi joints that I've been to. The food was okay at best. There was nothing special or standout about this place. They don't even have the Ipad's for ordering like a lot of the other places do. The menu was pretty basic and didn't really offer anything spectacular.\n\nIt wasn't the worst and it wasn't the best. This was just a truly mediocre experience, I would go back if it was close by and if it was lunch time, but I would probably find somewhere else if I had to go for dinner since the price really isn't worth it.
My husband and I were on the prowl for a new restaurant when we realized our current dinner reservations were for a restaurant where steaks were ~$75+. Being that we haven't harvested our money tree just yet, we were looking for something tasty but more affordable.\n\nI could kiss my husband a thousand times for finding Canyon Creek.\n\nWe walked in and were seated right away, and promptly greeted by a super enthusiastic and chipper waiter who's name I've unfortunately forgotten. Given that the husband and I are jovial folks, we hit it off with our waiter. It probably helped that he praised all of our selections and told us we wouldn't be disappointed.\n\nHe wasn't wrong. \n\nFirst, let's talk about the bread. It was a small loaf of whole grain wrapped up in a white cloth, and it was warm and soft with a chewy crust. And the butter? Sweet baby Jesus the butter. It was a honey butter, I think, but I don't care- all I know is I slathered it with reckless abandon upon my bread and devoured 2 pieces in record time.\n\nNext, we ordered the Asian nachos for an appetizer. I thought the bread was good? PSHAW. The Asian nachos punched the bread and butter situation in the face. There were 6 long, rectangular wontons covered in chicken, some sweet but spicy sauce, vegetables, and cheese. Oh man. It took a lot of restraint for us not to polish off the plate, but I had my eye on dessert.\n\nOur entrees arrived, and I got the clubhouse sandwich w/skinny fries, and the bearded half got the bacon cheddar burger. Both sandwiches had bacon and cheese on them, so naturally they were awesome. Being from the states, I really appreciated that the chicken on my sandwich was a reasonable portion and not a thick, huge piece like we'd have at home, which would force me to unhinge my jaw just to take a bite. I didn't love the fries, but that's not on the restaurant- they're crispy shoestring fries, and I love me some some mushy fries. \n\nLastly... The crown jewel of our meals: dessert. I ordered the banana coconut cream pie (which is like my Peter Pan happy thought now), and my husband ordered the maple bacon butter tart. His was tasty, because bacon, and mine... Mine was like a banana made sweet love to a coconut and this pie was the result of that holiest of unions. It was all my dreams come true in a pie- the pie I never knew I was missing. It was light and fluffy and in a cute jar. I relished every bite and took my sweet time, growing sadder and sadder that our time was coming to a close... I destroyed it anyway. No regrets.\n\nAll that to say, we *loved* the restaurant, and next time we're in town, we'll absolutely be going. The waiter and food were awesome. What more could you want?!
Cabo fish taco has consistently good food and great atmosphere.  Unique flavors and good margaritas make this a good buy.  Local area has great bars and art galleries to travel to after your meal.
Been coming here for years and years I always told myself that breakfast is not something worth waiting on with exception of this place and this place only their scrambles and omelets are absolutely to die for the coffee is great and the service is always top notch if you're looking for a nice home-cooked style meal with a smile I highly suggest The Farmhouse in their green chile pork weekend special scramble is to die for
Oh, man. The food here is awesome. If you like food from the caribbean, then this is the place for you. Fair prices, generous portions. It really fills you up. The food is really well done. It all tastes fresh. The place is small, so take away is your best option. Grab and go.
I have an emotional and nostalgic fondness for this pizza.  It reminds me of being freezing cold but full of hope, buoyed by the feelings of solidarity in the Madison protests.  Supporters of public education and union rights from around the world ordered pizzas for us, from here.  Maybe this enables me to overlook that the place is actually kind of dumpy, not very convenient unless you're walking, and generally full of young drunken idiots late weekend nights.  The pizza is pretty good though, there's a wide selection of toppings (some are pretty ridiculous) on pizza slices, displayed behind the counter.  You can see how fresh each pizza is, fresher is better than the exact ingredient combination you may have had in mind.  I think you're better off ordering ahead and picking up, there's nothing special about sitting down and eating here, unless you want to be surrounded by  intoxicated college students.  Being a college professor, this is how I envision Purgatory.  Of course it's more pleasant afternoons and weekday evenings.  It's a New York style flat, chewy thin crust pizza you can (well you have to) fold to eat.
Great food and good people.  If your a local be sure to ask for a Bogeys card and get happy hour all the time.
hands down best tuna melt on freshly baked bread ever. cheap, fast, delsih! there's nothing like it.
Decent food but poor service. I go in and they indicate that tables will take over 30 minutes. We sit at the bar to see at least 4 tables empty.  Oh well.  Service took way too long and not just for me but for everyone else unless you are getting continuous alcohol.
Sub par at best. Service was a little slow and food was generically average. Looking at the nice decor inside gave me the impression that food would be better than it was.\n\nSince your establishment did respond, I will give it another try.  Back when we did eat there we had the southwestern mac n cheese and my husband had the burger.
Awesome taste! Order a salmon sandwich on Friday special. Highly recommend you come here to try the food. Everyday has a different offer, such as Wing,1/2price, Wednesday from 4-9pm.
This restaurant allows your pup on the patio and has some of the greatest martinis in town! The staff is also super friendly and attentive. ((: .
Must visit in Madison.\n\nVegetarian heaven.\n\nFree water cup right behind you.
This place is such a gem. Every time we've gone we have had excellent service and amazing ramen.
Daily happy hour until 7pm! Was totally craving a GOOD burger, & the CA burger totally hit the spot! Guacamole, pepperjack cheese, yummy goodness. Got the dmall plate happy hour Carne Asada fries. The Pico made them. The 1/2 Cobb salad looks super good, but too full to try it.
This place is definitely THE place to eat when you're craving, a good (great amount) amount of, quality, AFFORDABLE, Asian food. My cousin introduced me to this place and needed a little conviction for me to agree to eat there. Needless to say,  now I have to convince him to go whenever we eat out. Rarely do I get so excited for a restaurant, but this one definitely deserves it. Servers are so friendly and professional. You will not regret going there. A++ 10/10.
Very large sushi menu. The prices are a little higher than average. Everything  tasted pretty good. At first glance, I remarked that there was plenty of fish inside my sushi. Then we realized that it was an optical illusion...there was hardly any rice in the sushi. Still, the fish was fresh and tasty.\n\nWe got 5 rolls altogether, a tuna tataki app and crab rangoons. All in all, it was 45 bucks. This wouldn't have such an issue but the portions just seemed on the smaller side. The tuna tataki was awesome, though!\n\nI've had better, I've had worse...this place was alright. I probably won't go there again, not because of anything bad, but just because  there are better places to go.
Really good pizza place not far from the Afton Ridge Shopping area. Great NY style pizza. I'd have given them 5 's based on previous visits but for the sake of honesty I have to knock them a few points for the pizza being a little on the burned side this time. Garlic knots were good, service was great but the pizza just wasn't on point. Perhaps it was just a different crew during this (mid afternoon) visit as I normally go here around dinner rush. Still, one bad mark doesn't keep me from recommending a great restaurant.
The employees at 800 Degrees Neapolitan Pizzeria in Vegas were quite friendly. I forgot to pick up my greens salad because I was preoccupied with my pizza. An employee chased me down the casino to give it to me. There was something comforting coming to a pizzeria that I am familiar with in the LA vicinity.\n\nThe concept is simple. It is a thin pizza served with any type of topping you desire. They have several different types of pizzas to choose from if you are indecisive, but I prefer to choose my own base and toppings such as spinach, mushrooms, peppadews, etc. It is a great place to visit at least once if you are staying at the SLS. Honestly, if I really tried, I could have eaten the whole entire pizza, but half of my pizza was plenty to tame my hunger. I'd recommend the burrata dishes. It is so delicious! Stay away from the greens salad as I was overwhelmed by the lemon dressing.
Ate here once for dinner and once for Sunday brunch.  The dinner was better than the brunch and the food overall was average, but both times service was excellent.  I'll probably come again since I usually stay in the Venezia Tower at the Venetian when I'm in Vegas and it's the closest restaurant.
Eric- sushi chef gave me the most delicious screaming organism :)  He made sure I was happy with the service , my meal and my visit.  Its nice to get individual attention when you sit at the sushi bar alone.\nIts not so lonely after all.\nI frequent often and this place is just a hit!
Food was great, but with most newly opened restaurants, they still have somethings to work out. \n\nWe would definitely eat at Sushi Guru again to see if improved.
Great atmospher, great food, great customer service! Finger lickin' good! Will be back!
I was excited to go to this place because I've been hearing good things about it! The restaurant has a really cool atmosphere and the staff are really nice. Although, I feel like the menu is a bit small. Other than ramen, there's not much food and dessert.. Basically you can customize your own ramen. The first step is to chose between chicken or pork, then you chose if you want your soup normal/shoyu/miso/spicy, you get to chose if you want either thick or thin noodles, and then you can topping like egg or slice of cheese (but they're not free, ranging from 1 to 4$!) I had the chicken shoyu ramen with thin noodles, it was pretty salty so I was a bit disappointed. My boyfriend had the pork miso ramen with thin noodles and it was so delicious! Overall, I was still satisfied and I will definitely come back!
YAYY! I found a brewery in Las Vegas!! Great brews and even better the space! So much room and things going on at this spot. Almost a little brewery/sports bar. Then again this is Vegas...lol \n\nThanks Nadine for great brews! We'll see you all again EDC WEEKEND!
The vegan burger is seriously delicious -- one of the best I've had! And they had a handy little sign listing the ingredients of their vegetarian items, which is very helpful. So many yummy toppings, plus the fries were really good too. I'll definitely be back.
I decided to come back after a poor experience last time and it wasn't much better. I was allowed to order food this time which was an improvement from last time when we couldn't place a food order because the kitchen was so far behind. Today we got food but it was still soooo slow. Additionally, they aren't willing to make any exceptions or accommodate any customers requests. I wanted one pancake with my brunch. Nope, won't do it. Refuses. Come on! It's one pancake.
Best food cart in town!! It's not just a quick bite during lunch hours, it's a real meal!
I am giving this place 5 stars for the wings and boneless strips.  They are awesome!!!  I usually order them with the SUICIDE sauce which is VERY HOT, but has a lot of flavor as well.  Ive been going to this place for about the last 20 years or longer.  I do think the pizza is a little expensive, but it is also very good.
The food here is very good solid western food.\nBut you MUST go to see the live professional bull riders on Wednesday or Friday!!!\nLots of fun!!!\nI have been going there for over 10 years whenever I am in Scottsdale or Cave Creek.\nWell worth a trip up to Cave Creek from anywhere in the valley of the sun.
Cheesecake Factory located on Rampart in Las Vegas NV has definitely improved their game. Finally!!\n\nRestaurant was clean. :)\n\nHosts were friendly. :)\n\nMatt our server was OUTSTANDING!! :)\n\nFood was cooked perfectly and my Cobb salad was delicious!!! :)\n\nChefs are doing a wonderful job preparing and plating food. EXCELLENT! :)\n\nLooks like Cheesecake Factory is definitely back to a restaurant worth recommending! Enjoy! :)
Nice atmosphere in the restaurant. There should be a sign at the back entrance to go to the hostess stand. If you have work to do on cellular signal you may want to sit outside. There's no cell signal on ATT inside. Food was delicious! 97.0 sanitation score.
What more can you ask for? Good food, fast delivery and nice employees makes for a good meal at home! To top it off it was well priced!\nFrom the gal who took our order(very nice) to the delivery guy (nice and personable) the service was great! The pizza was hot, flavorful and made with good ingredients. The wings were so good, not too much sauce, just the right amount of heat and with the right sauce!\nThis will be a favorite!
Corn bread is to die for!! Word of caution if you're dieting;STAY AWAY!  this place corrupts anyone's healthy eating habits lol!
Authentic Mexican food? I don't so! \nI went in on a Tuesday afternoon with a few friends. We were not greeted when we walked in. However, we were seated with in a couple of minutes. One of my friends noticed that the chips were stale so she proceeded to ask for fresh beans. I ordered 2-enchilada dinner with black beans. The tortillas from the enchiladas were tough, I couldn't cut them using only a fork. Enchilada's are supposed to be tender, it really seemed as the tortillas were left out and used the next day. The Black beans were so bland and came out of a can. I ordered a side of guacamole and had to ask the nice server to take it back. It tasted really bad-not fresh at all. I have given two stars for the service. It's not the waiters fault so I can appreciate them.
Read the reviews and had to stop by....being a displaced Philadelphian. We called in our order and picked it up to go. The owners waited on us and I spoke a little to the nice lady who took our order and rang it up. Having been born, raised and educated in Philly I can tell you this is the real deal. Right down to the rolls (Amaroso) which come from Philly to the Tastykakes, Wise Potato Chips and Goldberg's Peanut Chews. It is a little Philly oasis in the desert. Yo! Geri's, excellent American, wit! Philly folks, you should understand dat.
Among the best Korean food I've had outside of Korea.\nThe bibimbap was excellent, and the kimchi was perfect.\nVery friendly wait staff, and one of the owners came over and chatted to ensure everything was to our liking.\nWe'll definitely be back!
After reading the reviews, I decided I had to check this place out. The hostess  had me sign a waiver as I entered providing my phone number and email address. This is to release Spanish Fly of any liability with the pool use. I gave the nice girl a fake number and email address because I wasn't dressed for or planning to use the pool. \n\nOkay- so now that I've made it past the front door, I seated myself at the bar next to a good looking gentleman visiting from New Jersey. We chatted it up...too bad he was just visiting. How much does it cost to use the daybeds and cabanas on a weekend, you ask? Ready?....$300 for one bottle with a two bottle minimum. Do the math. Why is a potentially good thing always ruined by $$$? I was told they make $40K on one Saturday. I guess so! They can have it for that price.\n\nThe pool area is very small, but a pool inside a bar area is a cool concept, so that's a good thing. By pool area, I mean the tiny 12 inch space surrounding the pool.\n\nThe music playing at the indoor bar during the day is lively, beachy and upbeat. That's a good thing.The draft beer was reasonably priced, another good thing. The pool closes at 7 PM.\n\nI had high hopes for this place. Like I said, a pool inside a bar is way cool. But, the small deck area with virtually no where to sit, is a turn off. I should probably come back at night to see what the crowd is like, but I'm really in no hurry to experience that. After all- it has been over 30 years since I was 21 and don't choose to spend my time surrounded by kids with fake ids.
Horrible service, I ordered a pizza and salad on a lunch menu and waiter brought out pasta instead. Waited for about twenty minutes  for waiter to return to the table and they said they can make a pizza since it was the wrong order.  Meanwhile after a twenty min wait it wasn't realistic to wait for a pizza to be made. About ten min later a manager came to the table and asked if I was going to eat the pasta even though it was the wrong meal. I declined and the manager took the pasta from the bill but returned with a bill charging for a salad at full menu price which was the same price as the lunch special.
The place is kind of small so you can expect a wait if you go on a weekend.  This is a very popular spot and what's not to love?  Chocolate, chocolate and more chocolate!\n\nI'd recommend if you want dinner (or lunch) as well go somewhere else before hand and then head to Juliette for dessert.  I find there salads and savory crepes to be ok but nothing great.  The desserts though are another story.\n\nI usually get the brownies although the crepes are good (especially the peanut butter, chocolate and banana one).  The balsamico is worth trying.  It's a dark chocolate brownies with a raspberry-balsamic reduction.  I wasn't too sure about the balsamic part when I ordered it but I was proven very wrong when I tried it.  It was very good!  Also you can't go wrong with the intense brownie or the fleur de sel one.  I' wouldn't recommend the cheesecake brownie though as I found it too rich for my liking.\n\nThe service can be pretty good some nights and bad on others.  A few times they've forgotten to bring things that someone I was with ordered like lattes, milk, etc.  It can also be slow when it's an off night.  On other nights though it's spot on.   I'd definitely recommend going though.  It is well worth the trip.
Place is empty. My girl and I are the only ones here. I tell them no pickels on my burger. My girl no onions. Really they got both wrong. Now we know why it is empty. Fail!!!!
Expensive for what it is.  Takeout portions are very very small.  Two Chicken currys, dal, rice and bread is over 50 bucks takeout.  Dine in is similar. Its a shame, having good Indian close to home would be awesome, and maybe the reason why there is never anyone in this place.\n\nThe food is pretty bland - order something extra spicy, and there is no heat.  Even their garlic naan is pretty blah - they managed to even make garlic taste like nothing.  There is much better indian food in Cleveland, it is just a longer drive.  If they lowered prices, and found a way to add some flavors to their bland food this place could be great.
Cheap drinks and a burger. This is a simple concept. Cheap and exactly what I expected. You pay for what you get and you walk in knowing what you want. \n\nYou come here for the 3-for-1 drink specials. Go for shots for best value. That's the cheapest here at the mall.\n\nThe burger was whatever, nothing memorable. But definitely was what I expected for a cheap price... at least it comes with cheese, two strips of bacon, onions, and mushroom. I would not get it again.\n\nServer was meh. Sweet girl but easily flustered by one large party. Still had a great time here.\n\nSit at the bar! Bartenders are AWESOME. I give it 3 stars because it's a great pre-hame spot for tourists if you decide not to buy alcohol on your own.
This restaurant was ridiculously slow. It took me 15 minutes to get water and a menu, 30 minutes to get my coffee and 45 minutes to get 3 eggs. I don't know what my waitress occupied with, she only had 5 tables in her section to tend to. First we ordered two waters to start with. She came out with one cup after and we didn't get the second cup until 10 minutes later
This was the most overpriced and underwhelming dining experience of my entire life. The food choices are wide but nothing is really very appetizing. If you want to spend $40 on a meal you should spend it on something that is actually enjoyable to eat. We were able to get a refund on one of our meals since I barely ate anything and what I did eat made me feel sick. \n\nOverall, this is essentially what you could expect for an Old Country Buffet on a bad day for twice the price.
This was my first time at DeSoto, and they were so helpful! I probably asked a million questions, and they answered them all for me. The food was good, as well! There are lots of seating options, whether you arrive alone or in a group.
Seabreeze Cafe is a decent Casino Hotel Cafe.  Although the restaurant is beautiful and has a nice Tropical Vibe it is still just a Casino 24 hour Cafe that isn't open 24 hours any more.  Don't expect fine dining, or great service.  But I would much rather have breakfast here or at House of Blues rather than the Bayside Buffet!  Avoid the Buffet at Mandalay Bay!  It is so bad I won't even eat there with a comp until they rennovate it!  Seabreeze on the other hand is really good if you have been up all night gambling and are hungry.  I really enjoyed my Steak and Eggs.  Usually breakfast steaks are just one grade above Canner and Shoe Leather at Casino Cafe's.  But this was surprisingly Tender and good.  The Pancakes were also decent and it was very family friendly.  The service was slow, but they were also very busy.     Don't expect much and have a decent breakfast here instead of the horrible buffet next door!
Visited Omoide yesterday.  I really wanted fried rice and an eggs but because it was lunch and I didn't want to much food as I would with the Hawaiian plate lunch places, I decided on Omoide.  \n\nDuring this visit, I got the shrimp tempura don, the closest I was going to get to fried rice and eggs.  The order was $12.  However, I learned that it comes with miso soup and salad.\n\nCustomer service was great.  Restaurant was clean and appealing - lots to look at.  I thought it was really tasty and looking forward to my next visit.
My very favorite movie theater !!!\nThe staff is incredibly.... friendly and will to do anything to make you happy \nThe popcorn is the best.\nReclining Chairs ... awesome.\n"Why would you go anywhere else to see a movie?"
Great service and super fun place. The food and cracklins were awesome and honestly the reason it only got four stars I think was my fault. I got the fatty brisket and it was just so salty and saturated with dry rub it was a little intense to eat and actually a challenge to get through. The intensity also kind of made the side of asparagus a bit much. I really just wanted something to break it up.
I would not recommend Virtu.  With so many options for dinner in Phoenix I find it difficult to give any good review of the food or service.\n\nI have been to Virtu for Brunch with girlfriends and the food was good.  My husband and I decided to go for dinner on a Tuesday and were excited about a great meal.  We were promptly seated at our table, which the venue is fantastic, but waited for some time and had to ask a passing server if we could order a drink.  We ordered a bottle of wine and a beer.  Our server briefly discussed the food and provided a "taste" of the wine and walked away.  There was definitely a feeling of our server being either over committed to tables or just didn't care about a two top.  Our server walked passed us on several occasions without paying any attention.  We ended up asking another server if they could take our order.  I think that is enough said about service.  \n\nWe ordered the hen and the buccatini.  The hen was over cooked...burnt skin, tough to cut and the buccatini was dull in flavor and chewy...not al dente.  Our waiter never came to check on our meal until we had asked another server for the check.  He offered to comp our meal, but that wasn't our objective.  We wanted out.  Maybe 5 bites each and didn't want to try and redeem or eat for free.  \n\nFor a restaurant that has such great reviews and a reputation for culinary achievements, I can not say that I would ever return.  There are far too many competing restaurants in a similar price point and ambiance to ever return.
Small, charming,  trendy restaurant with creative dishes and a few knock out dishes. \n\nStarted out the evening waiting for a table. ...they have an adorable courtyard where you can have a drink or just sit & talk around a great firepit.\n\nThen for dinner we had....rainbow cauliflower (ok), mac & cheese  (fantastic), bacon jam with a slice of brie (creative peppery dish), devil eggs (delicious treat ), flatbread with arugula & figs (ok),and the donut bread pudding  (very rich & creative ).\n\nA few dishes are amazing and some I would let pass, but all around great experience.
We were looking for a good breakfast option in Mesa on a Monday morning and T.C. Eggington's fit the bill.  I found the whole experience sort of middle-of-the-road.  It was decorated nicely, the service was pleasant and the food was fine, nothing bad and nothing exceptional either.  I ordered the Hilltop Acres and it was pretty good, but bordering on too much cheese.  I don't know if the jam is housemade or not, but it was delicious.  Overall, this is a solid spot.
Loved the food, quick service, kind and welcoming employees, and had a great experience all around. Will definitely be coming back
This is not a five star place, but fish is five stars. Women on the counter was really helpful and friendly.\n\nThey also have variety in fish. Enjoy your meal
First visit to Mekong Palace.  I hadn't realized that they did dim sum so I was excited about that.  \nWe ordered the salt & spicy shrimp from the dim sum cart and two other dishes from the regular lunch menu ( fish and veggies, and roast pork).  Both came with white rice.  \nYou need to know that they don't serve brown rice so if you are thinking about health, you have no choice but to eat the white rice or none at all. The fish and veggies was fresh and tasty.  The roast pork was the right combination of meat and fat although the skin was not crackly, a requisite to roasted pork.   \nThe salt and spicy shrimp (8 beautiful large ones) came with heads  and all which is not unusual in an asian presentation.  It was a good buy at $6.95.  But it was not spicy at all.  The 4 or 5 specs of jalapeño did not do the job.  \nIf you order this shrimp dish, you need to know that along with the head and the body you are also eating the uncleaned intestines.  I did my best to pull out the string of greenish-black entrails.  I wonder if their other shrimp dishes also serve the ca-ca with it.  \nThe lunch prices were reasonable and we were served quickly when we arrived at about 12:15.  The wait staff was efficient and friendly.  \nStill trying to decide whether a return visit is warranted.
Évidemment, en tant que blogueuse gourmande, je suis allée faire un tour au Premiers vendredis au stade olympique! J'avais une petite idée des food trucks où je voulais aller manger avant même d'entrer sur le site.\n\nSur cette liste, il y avait entre autres Nomade so6. Quand j'ai su que ce food truck était créé par le chef du restaurant les accords, je n'avais plus le choix, je devais y aller! Surtout que toutes les critiques que j'avais lu sur leur bouffe en disaient des merveilles!\n\nDès la première bouchée, j'ai compris et j'ai succombé! J'ai pris les saucisses qui étaient une nouveauté sur leur menu: des saucisses aux côtes levées! Oui, vous avez bien lu; aux côtes levées! La même texture tendre, le même goût, le tout servi avec sauce BBQ, tomates fumées et frites de polenta. \n\nJe crois bien que mon copain aurait tout gardé pour lui si je ne lui avais pas volé l'assiette des mains! \n\nConclusion: ALLEZ-Y! \n\nEn plus, l'endroit vend les sodas Savouré qui sont à saveurs originales, délicieux et montréalais! Quoi demander de plus?
Overall this place was good. Service was top notch. Our server was Doug. He was polite, enjoyable and seemed genuinely engaged in his job. 10/10 for service. Red wine was much better than expected for being included with the meal. 10/10 Bread was fantastic. 10/10 Minestrone soup was solid. 8/10 My wife had the salad, she said though good it was drowned in dressing. 8/10 I had meat lasagna. It was a huge portion. Overall I would give the lasagna 7/10. Good cheese but overall it didn't have as much flavor as I like lasagna to have. Still a good value. My wife had chicken Parmesan. Another huge portion. She gave it 6/10. I had a bite and would have to agree. Another situation where I would say it lacked flavor. Cappuccino came with the meal. Good presentation but I would say it's comparable to gas station instant cappuccino. 6/10 I would very much recommend this place to anyone looking for something off the beaten path. It was quiet and a genuinely good place to recharge from the busy Vegas strip. Dollar for dollar it is ahead of many places in Vegas.
I've been eating at Archi's for years. We went to the Flamingo location for lunch the other day. I like to order food that is cooked to order. I don't trust food that's been sitting in a steam table. So my veggies were very undercooked, the chicken was over cooked and dry. I should have sent it back, it was not up to their previous standards. They weren't busy so it was a surprise. I guess I should have realized something was different, the restaurant was 2/3 empty at lunch time. Come on Archi's, up your game.
If I could give them zero stars, I would. Extremely rude staff. Horrible customer service.
This place not only has delicious food but wonderful service. We've been here multiple times before but we ended up here last Sunday after being ambushed out of another restaurant for their awful service. How silly we felt for not coming here first. Our waitress was very kind and accommodating considering our party of 5 and a small child came with no reservation. The food is always delicious, specifically the Carne asada. The bread pudding is a wonderful treat along side an old fashioned. We'll be back!
I went here tonight with my fiance and her friend. We arrived late - they closed just after we got our orders in - but they were nice enough to accommodate us. The service was passable considering how late it was - normally, I'd like to be checked up on a bit more for drink refills / food quality / etc. but I'm willing to give a mulligan on this one given the late hour. I ordered the spicy scallops, the Arizona roll, and a nigiri variety plate. The spicy scallops were bland and didn't really have any flavor - I have definitely had better, and I was disappointed that they seemed to lack any real spice or heat. The Arizona roll was probably the best of the three, and it was passable enough that I wouldn't mind eating it again (though I wouldn't go out of my way). The nigiri variety plate (I believe it was called the Hana Special or something like that) was not good at all. The fish was room temperature to warm, and there was too much wasabi under it. The crab sticks were especially bad tasting, and as warm as they were I actually gagged on them. I was worried I might throw up, but I managed to gulp them down, only to repeat the experience when my fiance shared some giant clam nigiri with me. I didn't speak up because I didn't want to ruin the dinner, but I wish I had because apparently I wasn't the only one having trouble. My fiance felt sick afterward, and also pointed out what looked like small hairs that weren't at all her hair color on the plate.\n\nI gave two stars because they were willing to put up with us showing up so close to closing time and because the Arizona roll was passable. That said, I have no desire to come back. I have had plenty of better sushi experiences in the valley. While the price wasn't bad either, you get what you pay for. If nothing else, I suggest you avoid the nigiri at all costs, at least in summer anyway...
There was a line up and was very busy when we got here for dinner, but we got seated fairly quickly and food came pretty fast as well.\nDumplings were pretty good and was served really hot. \nPrice was really cheap! Great place to have a quick and cheap dinner!
FANTASTIC Mexican food!!!  I had the chicken & steak fajitas - Yum!!!  Also we had the beef brisket tacos & kids chicken & cheese quesadillas.  Everything was great!
Not sure why everyone is so in love with this place so much, but it is good. There are only 2 reasons this place is even getting 4 stars - the deep fried pickles and the chicken wings.\nThe deep fried pickles had an overpoweringly dill element which almost made them seem extra seasoned with dill and had a very unique breading around it. Unlike any other deep fried pickle I've had, and was impressed. The chicken wings were also super tasty with just the right amount of crispyness and medium saucing. Good stuff on those fronts.\n\nOn the down side were the ribs. They were fall off the bone but the meat just seemed low grade, really didn't enjoy them at all. Boring beer selection too, mostly overpowered with lager and pilsner and nothing with real character or bold flavour. Service was spotty and on a slow weeknight with the place half empty they still only let groups of 3 or more sit in a booth. \n\nI'll probably give this place a go again just for the wings and deep fried pickles, not feeling to encouraged to branch out otherwise though.
Absolutely love the food here and the food alone deserves five stars but the customer service takes one away. They have the absolute worst customer service of any place that I have ever been. Always call ahead or you will be sitting in the tiny hole in the wall forever.
One more update to my review. This place went from 5 to 4 to 3 stars over the years. Now it's an ok, conveniently located place, where I still go for the large space, family friendly atmosphere, and pretty good options for coffee and snack. Regular lunch is alright. The brunch is definitely not what it used to be and it's not even on my list when I am trying to find a brunch option around here. Things change and evolve in a way or another, that's the way life goes...
The Brisket was so good and the BBQ perfect.  Manager even came over and asked how we were doing.  It's the little things.  Hole in the wall joint but great food!
I went to the one off Frank Lloyd Wright blvd, Scottsdale. I heard Tempe location was the best bc of college atmosphere. Awesome flat screens at the bar and all around, service was friendly, curtious, and welcoming! They need to add more to their cider ale selection- only pear available. What abt Strongbow people- come on.  Food amazing and with plenty of specials offered. I had the enchiladas and I will have them again! Plenty to eat, with some left over.\nJamie, Vanessa, and Josh were super nice- great bartenders
Came here for lunch. The food portions are really good and more than enough. I enjoyed my veggie thali. The naan was very fresh and a generous portion size. The palak paneer, shahi paneer and raita were just perfect. I also very much enjoyed the gajar ka halwa. Very tasty. My fiancé enjoyed his kulcha as well. (Its a nice place inside but the floors had so many dirty tissues and straws on the ground leading to the table and under the table we sat at which was a turn off). But overall great food!
I used to like this place.That has all changed. I went there today to grab a quick bite for lunch. I love their chicken salad sandwich on croissant but as I'm watching my carbs, I asked if they could substitute the bread for a bed of lettuce. A special order, if you will. Well, apparently, special orders are not their specialty. They offered to make me the Turkey Avocado salad and instead of turkey, sub the chicken salad. I said that was fine, I didn't care as long as it had the chicken salad. The drive-thru person I spoke with said, "That will be $12.49." Not bad, a little pricey but for a good salad, I'm willing to pay that. When I get to the window, the cashier says it's actually $14.29. I ask why the difference in price? She said the manager overheard our conversation and said the chicken salad costs more than the turkey. Basically, I paid $15.00 for a crappy a salad that had barely any chicken in it and guess what? No avocado either!! I could have gotten a bigger and better salad anywhere else. Congratulations, Kneader's! You just lost a customer over $1.80! I hope it was worth it. I will NEVER return to this establishment, which is a bummer because it is so close to my office. Oh well, I know there are far better places out there.
We usually try to avoid these celebrity chef eateries, but we both really wanted a burger and decided to stop in while in Vegas for a couple of days. It's hard to tell WTF Planet Hollywood is - is it a mall? A hotel? A casino? Weird, since I think of it as a TGI Friday's with a Hollywood theme, but whatever. I'm sure a name and concept change is coming in the not-so-distant future. So, the burgers - were awesome!!! I had the American (I know, I know - boring!!!) and my fiance had the Farm (egg, duck bacon - he was instantly in love). Onion rings were amazing. The drinks are listed on an iPad. Totally impersonal and ridiculous - the one our waiter had took a dump while he was trying to show it to us, and he awkwardly scurried away to get us a new one. I hate those things, I hope they go out of style ASAP. I would definitely go back for more of those rings and one of those tasty sounding shakes!
I don't care what anybody says. I love Primanti's. My last dying wish may be a sammie from here. Haters wanna hate, riiiiight?\n\nI usually go with the roast beef or kielbasa. I don't know what it was tonight, but the stars aligned and that kielbasa was grilled to perfection. Pile on the crispy fries, that sweet vinegary coleslaw AND cheese and I'm a happy lady.  It's honestly the only sandwich I don't feel weird about eating white bread. I think it's those thick cuts of Italian bread that seal the deal. \n\nThe only complaint I have for this location is that it's smokey. The bar next door allows smoking, but it smells like stale smoke on the restaurant side. Also, it could be cleaned up maybe a little bit inside. I guess the "dirty" appearance gives it some charm?? I guess?? Whatever, I'll be the one sitting at a dirty table shoving the the sammie in my mouth...
What a refreshing change from the so-so coffee shops I've been to so far in this area. \nPros- Good location, spacious, artsy ambiance, lots of books you can read while having your coffee, good variety of loose leaf teas, great customer service!\n\nCons- No cozy seating area (which would go great with the theme of this place!)
I was very excited to try a South St. burger and got a nice milkshake and poutine on the side... Milkshake was really yummy (with lots of strawberry bits in it) and the poutine was good (NY Fries).. The burger was delicious 2 bites in... and then I saw it... there was a HAIR IN MY BURGER. I gave it back to the girl at the counter and they made a new one for me. The second one was just as good, though I have to say I ate it very carefully. Too bad about the hair. Good burger otherwise.
Food was not tasty. Either too salty or too sweet. Soup was not good. Here for a birthday party which was ruined due to server dropping calamari on the birthday girls and guests. Service was terribly slow. Desert was ok but selection was not. Would not come again.
Awesome fast service and very friendly crew. They were finishing up a batch of chicken (max 2-3 minutes wait)....immediately comped me a free drink. Very easy access off the OH Turnpike. Will definitely stop on future road trips.
A bit pricey for a limited menu (hence the one star off - but it would be a half if I could) - but the staff is awesome (and super hilarious) and service has always been fast and great.  Sushi is fresh and super tasty, and the stir fry, edamame & miso are excellent. Great choice for lunch on campus - highly recommend.
I have been here on three separate occasions to attempt to like this place. Trying something a little different every time. Figured third time would be a charm, but alas it was not.\n\nIf there were a scale from one to even... I can't.
I only went for an event in the back room. As I pulled into the parking lot, I saw a woman trying to cross the area in front of me. I flashed my lights and she started to approach my car until she saw I was a woman. So...  hookers in the parking lot? For me as a one year resident in Vegas, i was disappointed by the area and the lack of any kind of security present to disallow things like that. But it seems to have a very specific event following for certain burlesque and comedy shows which are in the back room. Other than that it's a pretty empty beer bar. Yikes.
This used to be a good place to eat 24/7 if you don't want to eat at the food court at Palms. They got specials if your a guest at the hotel. You could get shrimp and steak for $10 and a burger and fries for under $7. The food was quite good, plenty of options for breakfast, I like their waffles, scrambled eggs and sausage..This is A good deal. This place kind of reminds me of Mel's diner unfortunately, they remodeled it recently and change the name to lucky penny.
Top notch. Extensive menu for food and beers, the staff are friendly and the location is good.\nPasties are plentiful, both traditional and more exotic. Real vinegar is offered and a must for the fine fries that we shared as a side.\n\n"Dogs bollocks" \n\nThe highest compliment from my home town of Birmingham, West Midlands.\n\nI will be back...often.
This was another place that my friends have brought me! It's always good to have friends who know the area, have tried it already, and want to share good places with you! \n\nTo be honest, we came here for the drinks but they have some awesome food too! \n\nWe'll start with the food....\n\nThere were three of us and we got different things and shared it all. So we ended up getting the hummus nachos (I'm told it was something thy're known for?), it came out in pita triangles, with a mix of hummus, red onions, pomegranate seeds, balsamic reduction, and feta cheese. I gotta say though between the pomegranate and balsamic reduction it was sweet, which I wasn't expecting at all but I should have after reading those two items on it. It was delicious!! I'm not a fan of crispy pita but it all worked out very well and complimented the whole dish. And you could always substitute the pita for cucumbers for an additional charge, but if you do do that, make sure you have already tried it with the pita first!! \n\nChicken panini with salut fries. I had a bite of the chicken panini and completely stole the fries (I love good fries!). The chicken panini wasn't too special to me, I mean it's pretty good but I'd rather have the fries honestly! Between the vinaigrette they use and the feta cheese it was good!\n\nAnd the bruschetta was a choose 3 for $13, so I ended up with the garlic, caprese, and pesto. Out of the three I think my favorite was the caprese mostly because of the mozzerella and balsamic reduction made it the best of the three, but they were all good. \n\nNext time though I think we'll just stick with the hummus nachos because that was the most delicious out of all of them! \n\nNow, onto the drinks! \n\nI first got the mi amor, which was stronger then I expected, always a good thing! It was actually pretty good, between all the craft cocktails this one sounded like it was the most delicious only because of the chambord and pineapple juice really, but the belvedere and champagne helped. \n\nGot a oh honey mule which had honey vodka, cucumbers, strawberries, ginger beer, and lime juice. I'm not sure between the mi amor or the honey mule which was better. Maybe the mule? It was definitely stronger but it was delicious, I could down the whole cup without thinking anything of it but don't be fooled if you did do that, you'd definitely be feeling it pretty quickly!! \n\nI can't wait for the next time I'm in the area, friends, good food, and good drinks are always what someone needs after any day! \n\nAlso they're pet friendly!! You can bring your pups out to their outdoor patio which is always great! Why leave them at home when you can bring them to hang out?
I was not impressed with the menu. been to a few others around the country, but this one seemed to have a lesser menu. Staff is nice, clean place. nice atmosphere. Way too loud. They play music at "club" levels & you can't hear anyone speaking around you.
Best Mexican food around this area. Better than Robertos and company. The bean and cheese burrito or beef rolled tacos with guacamole and sour cream are the best items. Rice is a little salty but I love it.  Walked in twice at 11 before they close and the food is steaming hot and super fresh!
I will start out by saying I don't like sushi...my friends do though and said it was fabulous. The restaurant is very unique--as are most at Cosmo. Wait staff was extremely professional, but the restaurant decor and the server attire are more casual. If you are looking for a "glamorous" Vegas restaurant experience, this wouldn't be my choice...I had the fried chicken...the wasabi honey sauce was great, chicken was OK. Overall, good food, creative drinks, but I like the other Cosmo restaurants much better.
Took a walk on a nice day after work around the Summerhill area and was in the mood for some sushi. First place I saw was Asahi Sushi and I'm glad I went in.\nIt's a small place near Yonge street, north of Summerhill station. The place was empty since it was just before 6pm and I was greeted by the friendly staff. Decided to get take away:\n\n- Sashimi & Spicy tuna roll combo ($13)\nFresh fish and good flavour.  The roll was okay, they put the spicy sauce on top of the roll but I prefer the sauce mixed in. They placed the pickled ginger on a paper cup so the liquid didn't spread out to the sushi... nice little touch!\n- Mixed tempura appetizer ($7)\nIt comes with 2 shrimps and 6 various veggies. The lady asked if I wanted a particular veggie and she can put more of those instead - another little nice touch. When I got home and opened the box, they had loaded it with extra veggies! This was big enough to be a meal on its own.\n\nThose little touches were worth ALOT!\nThe food was nice and fresh, service was Awesome!\nWorth a visit if you're in the area craving for sushi.
This is an amazing place to get subs. Seating is a little limited on busy days, but the atmosphere is great and the staff is helpful and friendly. I'm from Mentor, but moved away, and make sure to stop in every time I'm in town. And even with months in between visits, they remember me and my order. Buy their sauce and great, unique pickles to go, but nothing beats the fresh-from-the-grill sandwiches.
This is the worst service i have ever ever ever had! We waited an hour and a half and never got our food. Some other groups came in 45 min. after us and got their food first. All we ordered was 2 entrees. We asked to speak to the manager and they didnt even have one, haha! Never again and i would tell the whole world not to go there. If there was a way  to give them 0 stars, thats what i would give then.
Super cute on the inside. Food was yummy. The portions are tiny for how much you pay. We sat at the bar. Had a super friendly bartender that rotated shifts with a not so friendly bartender. So I guess that cancels it out?  would go back for a drink, but grab dinner somewhere else.
15 minutes to order the food. Another 20 to 25 minutes  to get the food. Once food arrived, one order was completely wrong. The waitress said she would fix it but it would take a while since there was only 1 cook. 15 minutes later we asked about the order and she said"i wasnt sure you still wanted so i will go put it in now." Overall the food was sub par, the service was near non-existent. Overpriced food and drinks. I used to go there when it was Hammered Hog and loved it. I will not be rerurning.
Every time we come into town TJ's is a stop.  We'd like to get try everything on the menu, but can't get past the bone-in ham and eggs!!!\nBelinda gave us outstanding service!\nThank you TJ's!!
I wish I could give it more stars! The view, the food, the staff, all AMAZING. We loved the french onion soup in an onion. The chicken was so moist and flavorful and the filet mignon came with kobe beef.
So I went here on two separate visits and on each visit I tried something different. On the first visit I tried the platter which I thought was good overall with the exception of the Greek salad which I mostly skipped over. On the second visit I tried the chicken pita w/ fries and thought that was just okay. The chicken seemed a bit too dry and lacked flavor for me. I will probably have to try something else from this place as I have mixed thoughts about their food at the moment...\n\nThe customer service here is good. There is a lady at the front who seems to take good care of her regular customers. It was nice and refreshing to see that.
Since the move to their new location, they got it right!  Everything is tasty- entrees, sandwiches, sides and salads!  Highly recommend for a great BBQ meal out.
These vegan donuts are so delicious that my non-vegan friend refuses to believe that they are actually vegan. He's planning on taking them to a chemist and getting them tested. I will check back in when I get the results. \nAnyways, these are definitely the best donuts I've ever had, and same goes for my non-vegan friends.
Since discovering Fresh a few months ago, I've been almost once a week.  I'm not vegetarian, but it has quickly become one of my favourite dining destinations for a healthy meal. I can't get enough!\n\nI'm a huge fan of the holiday wrap (with crispy tofu and white cheddar) paired with any of the tasty, homemade soups.  I also love the bbq burger, a very filling veggie burger topped with bbq sauce, quinoa battered onion rings, banana peppers, and vegan mayo.   I would also recommend the buddha bowl with soba noodles, topped with tofu, bean sprouts, cucumber, tomato and peanut sauce. It was so big I couldn't finish it- next time I'll order the "baby" buddha (half portions are available for all the Fresh bowls).\n\nI recently tried the spring rolls- at $8 for 2 large rolls, they're a bit pricey, but very tasty!\n\nI was a bit hesitant to try the vegan carrot cake with cream cheese icing for dessert, but it was actually DELICIOUS. You won't believe it's vegan!\n\nMost of the time the service is very good. I find that it's better at the Queen West location than the Spadina location. One pet-peeve of mine is that they frequently are out of avocado, an integral ingredient in the holiday wrap....but this only constitutes a minor blip in an otherwise consistently positive experience!
Parma is an amazing place.  However, it is WAY off the Strip which is probably why it is so good.  My wife had the Bollognese.  The pasta was homemade and incredible.  I had the Tuscan Ribeye.  It was cooked perfectly(medium rare) and I had plenty left over for lunch the next day.\n\nThe atmosphere is very casual.  You can sit at a table or there are couches with coffee tables you can enjoy your dinner at as well.  The wine list is VERY reasonable.  We had the Tobin James "Notorious" Cabernet.  It was wonderful and what I expect out of a Paso Robles Cabernet.\n\nSo, if you are in Vegas and want to eat off the Strip, go to Parma!  You get great food and service without Strip prices.
Didn't come to this chain for years.  \n\nThe Garden salad is fresh. The Seafood Fettuccine has shrimp, scallops, mussels, roasted red peppers, spinach, green onions, tomato sauce at $20.28.  The sauce mixed with all the seafood makes it a delightful dish.  The Chicken Penne Alla Vodka\nwith Basil in tomato vodka cream sauce is good but I still like the Seafood Fettuccine.  We did not order the pizza but is very tempted next time when we visit as it has a very nice fire oven.  The dish size is large.\n\nOne of the daily special catches our eyes.  It is a wonderful deal for $60 Family Feast for Four. Includes: 2 Apps, 2 Entrees, 2 Kids Meals & Desserts, 1 Dessert.  You can choose from the followings:\nAPPS: Large Caeser, Parmesan Chicken Bites, Crispy Ravioli, Classic Bruschetta\nENTRÉES: Penne Arrabiatta, Baked Penne Carbonara, Chicken Parmesan, Tuscan Salad with chicken, Italian Burger, Tilapia\nDESSERT: Cannoli\nand any 2 kids meals including dessert.
I really hate leaving bad reviews. I prefer to not leave a review if it's bad but the way they were so nonchalant about having bad service just appalled me. \nWe came here with a party of 5 and ordered a bunch of dishes for everyone and some appetizers. The appetizers consisted of spicy wontons, beef pancake, and fried dumplings. After what seemed like forever all of our main dishes started to come out first, which we didn't really mind because we were all starving. When we received rude looks because we asked them for a fork more than once I already knew this wasn't going to be a good experience. When we were half done with the meal the appetizers came. First the pancakes and then the spicy wontons. The fried dumplings never came. So when we were almost done with the meal we asked our server about the dumplings and said if they were not ready, we would like to cancel them. We watched her go to the back and tell the lady cooking to make some dumplings. As our server is walking back we see the lady throw  some dumplings into the pan. The server returns and says 2 minutes. To which we replied that we were done with our meal already and you just started cooking the dumplings. We want to cancel them. She actually had the nerve to tell us to take it to go. Are you serious? You forget our order and instead of canceling it you try to cook them and force it on us. We were adamant about canceling and after a few dirty looks from the staff she assured us it was canceled. \nWe got the check and boxes. We paid the bill and we were getting ready to leave but since it was a hot day we decided to order a few teas to go. We ordered two honey black teas and one honey green tea to go. Now mind you the drinks we ordered with our meal came within a couple minutes of us ordering so we expected this to be pretty quick. After waiting about ten minutes what seems like the head server or manager walked by. We stopped him and asked about our teas. He went to the back and came back and said she's making it. It'll take two minutes. Who is she? Whoever she is isn't doing anything because the teas literally take a minute to pour over ice and pump with honey or whatever they do. So after another 10 minutes for a total of 20 minutes of waiting for some iced tea we got up and said forget it to which the manager just nodded his head as if he knew the whole time we weren't going to get our tea. That's just horrible. No apologies. Not even a recognition of how terrible the service and wait time was. Just a nod. \nNow I know that on this side of town there are not many options and this new "hand pulled homemade" noodles thing is kind of cool for people. (And not one single noodle was made fresh or hand pulled while we were there because there's a window for you to watch and we didn't see anything the whole time. ) There are way better places just a 10 minute drive away in Chinatown. Places that care about your time and care if you enjoyed your meal or not. I don't know if they think they don't need to care because they are busy but I don't think their supposed handmade mushy noodles are worth the insult.
Great food. HORRIBLE service. The men are always nice and welcoming. The women though...holy crap you would think they are being held against their will.  The brunette is Always crabby, even when you are so friendly to her.  None of them wear name tags. I'm assuming so we can't call them out in a review. The girl with the blonde hair that always has it in a braid is the worst!! Literally throws you DIRTY looks the whole time ordering and slams things around like she is being inconvenienced. I never get a smile or a welcoming feeling ever!! On Sunday New Year's Eve 12/31/17 me and my husband came around 2pm. There were 2 females working, didn't greet us and literally huffed and puffed as they were making our subs!! I couldn't believe the attitude we were getting. When they did make eye contact it was nasty looks. Once again they were not wearing name tags. I wouldn't go to this location if it wasn't within walking distance. I get no one "wants" to work, but if you can't even fake being nice in a CUSTOMER SERVICE job, maybe they need to start looking elsewhere. If the brunette is a manager I can see why the rest of the employees have attitude. She really sets an example with her attitude. I really hope this issue gets handled.
Holy cow, what a great meal. From start to finish, everything was great. Service AND food. Our waiter was awesome, so were the people helping him out - I don't remember names, but they were working table 804 around 6:30pm on Saturday, Feb 20th. Service was very attentive, and very personable. We had some oysters (a mix of east and west coast, great choice, by the way), the steak frites and a brownie dessert. Everything was prepared perfectly and tasted excellent. We were able to sit outside, which was also great - beautiful view from our table!
As always, I cannot say enough positive about this place. Great brews. Great food. Great staff.
This place sucks. Do not go here. \n\nThey advertise that they are open 24/7 and they aren't. As soon as I got there, I asked one of the employees if they were truly open 24/7 and she responded "only Friday and Saturday."\n     - Backstory: sometimes I have to work night shift at work. We heard about this new taco shop opening up that is open 24/7. On two separate occasions, we had a late night food run only to find out that they were closed (as their open 24/7 sign illuminates the window). Additionally, my girlfriend offered to pick up some breakfast tacos for us in the morning after work (~8:30a.m). She got to the shop only to find out that they weren't open  \n\nWe went there today and the service was shit. The employee taking our order was rude and rolled her eyes at me at least twice. They didn't have any breakfast tacos. Lastly, their regular tacos were tiny and tasted like eating a tortilla with cat food covered in melted crayons. \n\nDon't waste your time with this place.
Took a chance based on exceptional reviews. All three of us are foodies and were looking forward to a wonderful meal.  Made reservation on-line but wasn't on list when arrived. Eventually found our reservation. We were not welcomed, and shown to our table without any fanfare. First thing we noticed was that the staff all looked unhappy with some looking downright miserable. Order taken without any recommendations or pleasantries, generally service was indifferent. Food arrived without much of a wait but was overall underwhelming. Foccacia left a weird aftertaste. Summer squash blossoms a bit greasy. The tortelli di piselli was good and flavourful. The gnocchi in the gnocchi di mare was perfect - tender and melt in your mouth - but the accompanying sauce bland. Both main portions were very small (appetizer size) for $25 and $29 respectively. Disappointed, we decided to skip ordering additional food or dessert and left a bit hungry. We will not return.
Oh wilderness, we love you so! My husband and I have been patiently waiting for a brewery in Gilbert. and BOOM! here comes the Arizona Wilderness Brewing Co. Always super tasty beers, friendly staff, and the burgers... GOOD GOD those burgers. YummY YummY YummY! Did I mention I love the burgers? Its also a great place to watch a game as well. But come early because this place can get packed. Go order a yummy beer brewed with local ingredients and get burger!
Wouldn't revisit, tried because of proximity to Progressive Field. The hostess was pleasant and our waitress was too at first. We ordered a couple drinks, ballpark nachos, and wings. Our nachos were nothing too rave about, missing tomatoes and jalapeños. Also very light on beans. Very dry, had better down the street. The wings were very good however we were shorted (supposed to be 8 per menu). We politely asked waitress, she said she'd correct it. Next time we saw her she handed us the bill. We then spoke with hostess. In a few minutes, our waitress came back with corrected wings and said in a rude manner that she is not responsible for food only serving. And proceeded to be short while collecting check etc. We never said it was our waitress's fault just that she help rectify the situation. Needless to say we will not be back.
Went for "social hour" and only went to use my $5 for $10 in food voucher I purchased through Yelp. They would not accept this voucher, which should be illegal. Needless to say I never wish to come here again, and now I wasted $5 on this offer. Food wasn't very good and is generally overpriced. Social hour quesadilla is $7.50.
I have experienced eating at only one other Brazilian steak restaurant in Beverly Hills and it was excellent. So I couldn't wait to share the experience with my 2 friends while we were in Vegas. Very disappointing in comparison. We were seated 30 min. After our reservation time. The person that came to our table spoke so quickly we couldn't understand what she said. A waiter came by with shrimp cocktail to offer, we accepted not realizing we just rang up another 27.00 to our tab. The meat that was served was salty and undesirable to say the least. The salad bar was the best thing this place had to offer. For $314.00 a salad bar is hardly worth it.
My first visit over a year ago was great. Tacos & corn were tasty. Just went there this last Sunday & I was disappointed. The pico de gallo salsa I got with my meal tasted old & sour, only took 1 bite. My $10 carne asada burrito had mostly beans & rice. The avocado slices in it were brown & stringy. The prices are higher than a regular taco shop - understandable given the location. However, they need to step it up & make it worth it if they want locals to keep going. I was not happy when I saw the way the fridge was organized: marinating meat in bags on a shelf above salsa containers. About 3 tables inside only so it's a small place with mostly outdoor seating. Service was so so. No smiling or happiness. Just there.
I'm not sure when this place opened, I certainly didn't notice when it went in. It's tucked away from the road and hard to see from the street. \n\nIt's fast-casual, more like Chipotle. You look at a menu when you come in, and in this case they have monitors that show the menu on the wall by the door, with their most popular dishes highlighted. It's basic American food: burgers, salads, sandwiches, Americanized pasta dishes, with some other dishes thrown in(chicken pita, and ramen). They also have crepes, which we did not try. You order and pay at the counter and then get drinks from a soda fountain(Coca Cola products, sorry Pepsi fans). \n\nBest friend had the mushroom burger, which he really liked. It was cooked well and very fresh. The salad was nice and fresh too. I had the chicken alfredo which I liked. It was a tad underseasoned for me but I like more salt than most people so that's not a knock against them. :) \n\nFood was fresh and they don't make it till you order it. While it was very tasty and fresh it wasn't outstanding, very cookie-cutter fare, which is why they lost a star. \n\nCustomer service is excellent. Friendly waitstaff that bring your food to your table, and the check on you periodically to see how you're doing and how your meal is. \n\nThe reason for the second star is, surprisingly, the soda fountain. If you don't drink caffeine or aspartame you're out of luck and your only option is water. Their root beer is Barq's (22mg per 12 ounces), and instead of regular Sprite they serve Sprite Zero, which is disgusting. Super not thrilled. \n\nAll in all not bad, if I get in a bind and need go grab a meal to take home when I'm in the area this might be on my list, as they also have to-go options, but there are a lot of other places in the area as well, so it would depend on what I'm craving.
Coming in with high exceptions, I'd say I was mostly satisfied. My friend and I split the chopped salad, which was very good. We also had a pizza -- which was also good. But I've had others (a sourdough crust pizza in particular) at another local business that I thought was far superior. \nFor future it sounds like the chicken is worth a try. The atmosphere was super cute, and we got there early enough we had no wait.
Other than the kitchen screwing up a 2 ingredient, marginally-portioned omelette, the food was greasy and mediocre at best. Considering this, the menu is well overpriced. I will not be returning to this or another Village Inn.  I recommend against patronizing this chain.
When will I ever learn?? The service here is absolutely terrible. They don't take reservations, which is the dumbest thing I've ever heard, so I came in with a party of 9 for a birthday dinner and boy was that a mistake!!!! You would think they would be understanding and accommodating for a birthday dinner, but nope! The manager said 25-30 minutes. 30 minutes later we ask for an update and he said oh well it will be at least another 45 minutes. He was so rude and had absolutely no regard for the fact that it was my sister's birthday and put her immediately in a shitty mood. So frustrating!!
ok I'm upgrading my review - it only takes one dish and the Oski wow  wow wow shrimp blew me away. It was perfectly executed: hot, crispy, with just the right amount of sauce: imagine healthy buffallo wings - and it was a busy world cup final atmosphere.\n Who says you can't get decent shrimp in the Midwest?  My mom does - she's from the Philippines and hasn't been here since 1975 - I'm bringing her when she comes next June for my wedding. Oh and about her - she's a serious wine snob. Guess what? They serve Decoy wine - one of the best wineries from Sonoma. Didn't want my positive review for server Jessie to get lost - she was very kid friendly and efficient. Manager Derrick and staff are young, friendly, and motivated to make this place the best sports bar in south central.  They tell me to come back for the thin crust stone baked pizza. I certainly will.
For an airport restaurant, it's 5 stars. Fast service, great food. Chicken tortilla soup was awesome as was the machca tacos.
Happy hour time is the best time at the Cheesecake Factory!  I took pix of their HH menu for your eyes only  \nI got their chicken rolls appetizer, my hubby got their chicken fried sliders with a side of fries.  Portions are gigantic! Flavors are a mouth full! I topped it with a Long island ice tea for just $5.95.  Our grand total was $21.  We also had a complimentary bread basket and butter with white and dark bread rolls.  Bon appetit!\nAmbiance was chill, TV background, some people are on their laptops wrapping their day, pleasant staff, street view, high top tables mixed with low table lounges and couches.
We decided to take a road trip to Phoenix and found Carlsbad Tavern on Yelp and saw how many reviews it had and decided to try it out. Good Food Great Atmosphere. We will defiantly stop by again when Im back in town.
Wish they had better service I had a appetizer along with wings I was at the bar though it was not consuming alcohol and this seemed to be a big factor I told my waitress that my beverage was flat tasting and she would get me another one. that was all I saw two cokes touring wings and appetizer $35 by a store later how come they couldn't get me another beverage that was named flat tasting she said it was because I was not consuming alcohol or gaming I might not be back here for a while
Great cafe to come grab a brunch meal. I opted for the Kerr street breakfast which satisfied me for sure, the flavours/seasonings as well as their plating was exquisite. My mother got a quiche and the dressing on the side salad was pretty damn good too! \n\nThe coffee didn't quite hit the right spot for me, but the great service and atmosphere allowed me to forgive them a little for that. \n\nMaybe in the more expensive side of fares but worth the experience.
I've been visiting Hot Bagels regularly for 7 years. In that time I've only got to try relatively few items on the menu. This is because I just can't get over some of the items that I keep eating for years. Their lunch sandwiches are bodacious. Their dessert items are scrumptious. The coffee is pretty good too. When friends come to visit from out of town, we are sure to go to Hot Bagels and Deli!
I'm so sick of these hipster restaurants that make you feel as if it's a privilege for you to be served by them. I went there on a sunday night and the waitress appeared annoyed when I asked questions about the menu. She was abrupt and made me fel completely rushed when ordering. She never smiled and looked it me like I had 2 heads when I asked if they could cut the sandwich in half. They also seat you at these ridiculously small tables and then say that if it gets busy they will squeeze another couple in with you. You would be practically snuggling with a complete stranger! Anyways, onto the food. The brisket sandwich was delicious and surprisingly filling. It was very saucy and I loved the fried onions. The poboy sandwich was nothing special and it was very bland and I felt the bread was too thick. We also shared the fried chicken which was okay but again nothing memorable. The best fried chicken is at 416 Snack Bar and Home of the Brave. Will not return.
I enjoyed my I Deal experience. The iced espresso was very smooth. The peanut butter cookie was pretty yummy (but too sweet). I appreciated that they didn't play blasting music. However, I would have liked to see more music variety. Can't decide if the staff are friendly or not.
Yard house definitely deserves at least 4 stars.\n\nWe chose happy hour egg rolls for our appetizer at the beginning of the meal. The protein was a bit unseasoned but the remaining ingredients kept them highly afloat.\n\nI ordered the surf and turf burger: butterflied lobster atop the patty. The burger was magnificent though cooked well instead of medium well as requested. The lobster atop didn't retain much flavor and took away from the deliciousness of the burger itself. The onion rings were an additional charge ($1) but were well worth the money, having a beautiful not-too-greasy fry. \n\nMy wife ordered the Mac and Cheese - most popular item. This was also delicious, but again, the added protein seemed a bit unnecessary. The chicken inside wasn't to die for though the bacon, noodles and sauce were. The side salad she ordered was large in portion and quite tasty as well. \n\nThe unsweetened tea was delicious and I don't like unsweetened tea much. It had several floral hints adding a refreshing touch. \n\nThe server was friendly and prompt. \n\nAside from a lack of seasoning in the added proteins I would give 5 stars. The atmosphere was modern slash bar but comfortable for all ages. The booths were large and comfortable as well. The ceiling was lined in brewing pipes. The lighting was perfect. \n\nOur ticket came out to $52 in addition to the  $12 tip.\n\nDefinitely worth the money!
Hubby and I had our first visit here last night... Went early, 5:45, and got a great table in the window. Service was excellent, our server was very knowledgeable about the food and drinks. We started with aperitivi and the 3 cheese plate, served with a basket of assorted bread. \nI had the Granchio, maybe a little fishier than I anticipated but it was still fantastic. Hubs had the Butternut Squash tortelli (the best). I had the Butterscotch pudding which lived up to the hype.   \nWill most definitely be back!
Not bad! Not bad!\nI was surprise. The food actually very good. I didn't expect that cuz it is Chinese run steak house. \nI order set dinner for $50. It come with  foie gras (taste good), romaine salad(fresh and variety choice of dressing), lobster soup(taste too mild and too thin), rack of lamb(very juicy and tender). \nRecommend to come
The food was very good, can't complain. Actually the tater tots were exquisite, but for the price, the steak was not up to par, and the atmosphere was too loud and boisterous due to the water show to come off as a 5 star restaurant. Great meal, but sorry guys!
At first glance it looks like an abandoned factory store but inside is coolest little coffee shop in Vegas. All their nut milk is made in house. Great brunch options for vegans and omnivores alike. I really like that they have dishes out for display so you have an idea of what your tastebuds are about to commit to. Be sure to stop by if you're in Vegas!
Get there early.  I mean, really early.  I mean, when they first open the doors kinda early. There aren't many tables and it's tiny inside.\n\nThe boards show what they have to offer everyday.  I hear it changes so they keep the menu fresh.  \n\nBe polite, the peeps here are good ones.\n\nIf they happen to have the Asparagus, Smoked Salmon, Cream Cheese, Dill Omelet.  Get it.   (pic posted)\n\nIf there are 2 people in your party, have your other party order the Cherry Crepes (if they're up on the menu). (pic posted)\n\nYes, get coffee.\n\nGo halfsies on your breakfast.\n\nPut your plates and cups away when you're done.\n\nGet a cinnamon roll to go, for later, when you will definitely want more deliciousness in your stomach.\n\nLather, Rinse. Repeat.
The food here is great! Reminds me of my trip to Japan. Unfortunately, the food is a little expensive compared to other japanese restaurants. The cheaper food is about $15/17 for things like donburis. The better food is approximately $23+ for things like the chyo chin bento, chirashi etc. They also offer a omakase meal where the chef chooses what you eat for you. Something I'd like to try someday since I think the food here is really good! \n\nI love the chyo chin bento and that's what I normally order! It has everything I love. A good taste of fried food, cold sushi and comes with rice to fill you up. \nThe top layer is karage chicken. Crispy and has that light sweet taste to it. Absolutely love it.\nThe second layer is sashimi. The fish is fresh and very good.\nLast layer is the eel donburi. \n\n\nThe dessert is amazing! I love their tofu cheesecake! Definitely great for people who can take soft, light tastes. The chocolate cake is also very good. Personally, I prefer these two compared to the green tea cake although it is also very tasty. So far, I find all their cakes and desserts very appealing.\n\nEach portion is small but I personally don't eat much so I think it's good. This may not be a good place to take a guy friend who eats a lot though.
Slow service, but pretty decent food. I really like the Yuppie Hash with a poached egg on top, but it is a little bit spicy for my wimpy tastes.The blue corn cakes are unique and perfect as an inexpensive a la carte breakfast. Free flowing coffee and no pressure to rush through your meal makes it a great place for a group breakfast or brunch.\nI've never been for dinner but I have heard really good things.
Absolutely Love the Hero certified burger. Ask the awesome staff for the Hero sauce on the side for your Fries, the best combination ever
If you come on a Friday or Saturday after 6 or 7pm, expect to have a bit of a wait. One nice perk is that they have an open table that you can stand at to enjoy your pre-dinner drinks so you don't have to crowd around those sitting at the bar. I absolutely love the atmosphere at this place with the big wood-burning pizza oven behind the bar where you can watch your pizza being cooked. They have a great selection of wines from different countries and their food options are not overwhelming, but always deliver big. When I went a couple months ago, they had caramelized brussel sprouts that they cooked in the wood-burning oven that were amazing!! I've tried many of their pizzas and haven't had one that I dislike. My favorites are the Quattro Formaggio and the Spicy Sopressata, which despite the name, is not too spicy. In the summer, a huge perk to this place is their outdoor patio. They have a couple long picnic tables and also have smaller tables along the fence. On a warm spring/summer night, it's very relaxing to sit outside and enjoy the nice weather.
Walked in on a busy Friday evening relatively soon after it had opened.  I managed to snag a couple of spots up at the counter where you can watch the passionate chefs do their thing. Good stuff. I'll likely be back to try more dishes and drinks. \n\nOh, and go on; take a selfie in their bathroom. I recently found myself nerdily posing in DaiLo's pretty washroom (which has been open for much longer than Grey Gardens) and nerdily thought of GGs. \n\nHighlights: \n\nCozy cool twinkly vibe\n\nSmoked mackerel dip with house-made chips\n\nThe bitter cocktail (gorgeous presentation and taste to match!)
I was referred here after being told the restaurants in the Phoenix airport were great. Our experience at this restaurant was not great. The server, Jane,  was fantastic - completely on top of it, and had our order and ticket out quickly as she knew we were in a hurry. But the food was just not good. I chose the special, the Burrito Arizona, which arrived an uninspired lump which tasted like salty pot roast. Nothing special about that. The side salad (I thought it was odd to have a choice of side salad or fries with a burrito, but i went with it) was just old. The leaves were wilted and starting to scum over, and no amount of dressing could hide that. And while the guacamole itself was good, the chips served with it were stale. \n\nWe ended up downing our beers and picking at the food. I might have complained had I had more time, but alas, we had a plane to catch. \n\nGood thing Southwest gave me extra snacks once on board.
Ordered takeout tonight, as the family wanted pasta but, wasn't feeling like Chianti's. Best decision of the week! The food is amazing. I had heard of Japanese spaghetti restaurants in Vancouver and Toronto. We're lucky to have this one, here. We ordered a ton. Everything was great. My favourites were the "Prairie" with bacon and eggs and tomato sauce, and the Japanese chicken. Great flavours in all that we ordered. Meatballs were really good, along with the Carbonara. Can't recommend this place highly enough. I'm excited for leftovers for lunch
Take away:  Great variety of food at reasonable prices; looks and feels like it's sibling, The Cheesecake Factory.\n\nRecommendations:  The BBQ Chicken pizza is pretty good, but it really just depends on what you're in the mood for.\n\nDETAILS:\n\nAtmosphere:\nIt has the familiar Cheesecake factory décor.  It's not a fancy restaurant, but for what you pay, it feels like you're going to a pretty nice looking restaurant.  Ambience is pretty relaxed and can be great for couples and a small family gathering.  The tables, linen, and dishes were all clean as well.\n\nService:\nFor the several times I've been here, the service has been pretty good.  The servers have generally been pretty quick and checked in from time to time.  It does, however, feel as if they are slightly understaffed.  A few times, we needed service but couldn't find our server for over 5 minutes.  During my last visit, we had a party of 8 and our server handled our order fairly expeditiously.  She was very friendly as well.  The wait for a party of 8 was about 15 minutes, while the smaller parties (2-5) got their tables immediately (just an FYI).\n\nFood Quality / Selection:\nHuge variety of food from pastas to sandwiches.  Take a look at their menu here: http://www.grandluxcafe.com/menu.htm.  The presentation is above average.  The look and feel of the plates is similar to most other full service restaurants (especially the chain ones).  The food is above average for the most part (see details below).\n\nPricing/Value/Convenience:\nGreat value; above-average portions.  This place is a great place to share an entrée, an appetizer, and a dessert if you want.\n\nDishes that we ordered:\nBuffalo chicken rolls (eh, wouldn't recommend it; it has a little spicyness to it though); BBQ chicken pizza (this thin crust pizza was pretty flavorful); Pasta with chicken, sun-dried tomatoes, and mushrooms (not bad, but not great); Pasta Carbonara (flavor was good, but it just wasn't creamy enough and felt a little bit dry); Artichoke dip (was a little bit dried/overcooked - a part of it was actually burnt; wasn't creamy enough also).
OMG! Everything was so good. The fresh fish. How it was the made. The buzzing endless motion of waiters. The helpful insight of our fish specialist (who took our order, helped us pick out which fish suits our liking). The Lokomedes was heaven! Excellent coffee. We had: the sardines, beet salad, broiled snapper, broiled Branzino, mojoitos, Lokomedes, another greek dessert that I can't remember. Paid about $500!  But worth every dime. Best memorable meal yet!
It is good if you want to do a quick cleanse.  I have eaten here twice and within two hours after leaving I was making frequent visits to my local commode.\n\nIronically, or not, these two occasions were on Mondays.\n\nAre we reheating foods that have sat under heat lamps the previous day?\n\nTheir egg drop is decent.
Tried this place for the first time after it was recommended to me. The food was really good, I ordered a breakfast sandwich, and it was delicious. I also ordered a cheese danish, and it was ok. I personally think Panera's is better, but the breakfast sandwich made up for it. I was a little annoyed that me and my daughter had ordered the same thing, but I guess she thought I only said one. We ended up splitting it, and it really was enough for both of us.
This trendy place only has its shakes keeping it in business. We had just arrived from Los Angeles, with empty stomachs, in effort to experience a burger at the Burger Bar. Unfortunately we were starving and couldnt make it to the Burger Bar in time, we caved in and stopped by Holsteins. They had great reviews, figured we would get something small to sooth the hunger pains. We ordered classic sliders with no mustard, sweet potato fries, and a vanilla malt. The sliders were tiny, not even worth splitting. The little meat patty was dry and the bread was dry.
Had to pick up a food at LJ's last night..\n\nMy reviews \n\nI called the restaurant to placed my order thru phone. I was greeted by the guy but I would like to say that he sounds like he wasnt working there.. Im sorry cause he is being slow to list or punch in all my orders..\n\nTotal Price : $67 .. a lot expensive than what I expected\n\nI ordered 2 Oxtail Fried Rice; the eggs is both overcooked. I love the rice actually its just too oily .. My husband is an american and he doesnt like it so much cause it has a really strong flavor.\n\nGinataang Langka w. Green beans (Coconut milk with unripe jackfruit and green beans)\n; The Jackfruit i think its not fresh the color is too dark (maybe frozen), and the slice is so thick. I dont taste any flavor of jackfruit i feel like i paid for the greenbeans. It has 3 pieces big shirmp and I dont understand why it taste so sweet and please next time fill it up all the way to the container mine has a 2-3 inch space from above..\n\nGrilled Liempo (Inihaw na Pork Belly) \nI love the tenderness of the pork.. But its so different from the usual grilled pork. The liempo i ordered is kinda similar to a pulled pork and i think it got boiled for several hours and they grilled it. And it doesnt have a sweet taste. But i like the flavor. they added fresh tomatoes, fresh onion n cilantro..\n\nChicken Inasal (Chicken Skewer)\nIm so disappointed .. I think they fry it first before they grill it. Very unusual way of cooking an Inasal. Its a lil bit dry and bland.\n\n*Desserts\n\nSago't Gulaman is too sweet (i added a lot of water so i can drink it) i like the flavor ..thank you mine has a lot boba and black jello)\n\nHalo Halo is just okay ... It has a leche flan n ube..and very few toppings \n\nThank you for the free rice .. \nThey dont accept payment thru phone..
We love sushi and loved the unique spin to many of the items on the menu. The food was outstanding. However, the restaurant is noisy and filled with young, "beautiful people", so do not come here if you are looking for a quiet romantic night. The overall vibe of the W in Scottsdale is one of snobbery and elitism, very disappointing for a W, and we have travelled to many across the country and usually enjoy attentive and upscale service. The good news is that although the hotel is lacking, the wait staff at this restaurant is exceptional and really made our evening. CJ deserves special recognition for making it a great night. It was easy to see that he loves his job- he knows the menu, helped us pick great plates to share and was friendly and engaging. Because of the food and CJ, we will be back to eat, but will stay at another hotel.
As far as Vegas buffets go, the Golden Nugget isn't going to blow your socks off. It's not bad, it's just not great. My most recent visit was Memorial Day weekend so prices for buffets were incredibly inflated ($50+ per person) so when we walked by and saw the GN was only $21.99 we went for it. We wanted to get one vegas buffet visit in during our trip. \n\nThe best options were the pastas- mac and cheese, ravioli, bow tie pasta. Lots of creamy sauces!Some of the Asian offerings were pretty good too especially the General Tao's chicken. Spicy, sweet and cooked nicely so it was crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. \n\nI have a massive sweet tooth so the dessert section was heaven! I highly recommend the pineapple upside down cake and the Black Forest cake. Did not like the coconut cream pie or the apple cobbler. \n\nIf you're looking for an affordable buffet with some decent food, this is your place. If you're looking for a foodie experience, go somewhere else.
DO NOT EAT HERE!!! THEY HAVE ROACHES!!!!!! I who's there was a negative star, as it will not let me post without selecting one.
Ok, so this used to be my favorite buffet years ago when I was a tourist in Vegas.  But now I'm a local and also a vegetarian, so I really don't eat at the buffets except when friends are in town.  Well wouldn't you know it, we had some friends in town recently and they wanted to go to Spice Market Buffet.  I honestly was pretty excited because I now had an excuse to come back.\n\nSo I don't know if I'm jaded as a local or if it's because my choices are severely limited since I can't eat 95% of the items, but I'm never really impressed with buffets anymore.  Spice Market, however, is still pretty good option in my option.  My friends (non-vegetarians) were happy with their meal.\n\nAs any vegetarian in Vegas knows, your choices at a buffet are very starch- and dairy-heavy, and Spice Market is no exception.  I had quesadillas, pasta with pesto sauce, mac 'n cheese, and whipped potatoes.  They did offer simple green beans and even some really yummy roasted veggies (asparagus, zucchini, onions) in the Italian section.  The Middle Eastern section has several veg-friendly choices, but be weary of the Moroccan vegetables- they had really bad seasoning and texture.  I enjoyed the desserts, but then again, I always enjoy the desserts.  The fruit tarts and cream puffs were my favorite.\n\nOther things you can expect include: shrimp, soups, breadsticks, pizza, fajitas, several breads and spreads, sweet potatoes, cotton candy, and a dessert crepe station.\n\nI think this is still a solid buffet, especially as a tourist.  The prices are reasonable (for a buffet on The Strip) and I even found a coupon online for $5 off (http://www.destinationcoupons.com/Nevada/Las_Vegas/spice-market-buffet/spice-market-buffet-coupons.asp).  Vegetarians, you can find enough to eat here (including a decent salad bar that I didn't even touch).  Vegans, I would say you need to avoid all buffets (too much dairy).  Everyone else, there are tons of choices including prime rib and crab legs- you will leave stuffed.
Excellent pizza! I drive from the west side of town to pick it up. Reminds me of the pizzerias I grew up with back in Staten Island.
Cute place to dine right at the corner of College and Borden. The decor is a bit quirky but fits the name of the cafe nicely. Fresh flowers on the table and bright decor. The patio was nice too with real candles.\n\nService was amazing. Only one server and the owner running around. Our water glasses were constantly refilled. Very friendly people as well. The owner was interactive and joking around with his guests.\n\nThe food was great. Had the falafel which were delicious. Side vegetables were cooked nicely and very flavourful. Desserts weren't overly sweet. The mango cheesecake was unlike traditional cheesecake (not as creamy) but still good! \n\nOverall I would definitely come back if I was in the neighbourhood. Has a cute vibe and fantastic staff.
I had the chicken fried chicken entrée for dinner tonight and it was fantastic. Just the right level of seasoning & juiciness.  The sweet potato tots are addictive! I certainly suggest them for a side. I was a little disappointed in the mac & cheese. I was hoping for something a little more creamy - however I'm a snob for that kind of thing. I will certainly come back!
Tasty, out of the ordinary, french-american fusion.
The food is average. Decent amount and size dishes. The plates are huge and could be quite inconvenient. They do serve FAST and the do it yourself iPad ordering helps with this.
Have called for take out 3 times in a year and been told "sorry our kitchen is too busy".The last time it was at 8 pm on a Tuesday. If your kitchen is "too busy" then take that option off your website. No matter, there is another great Indian place nearby that always takes my order with a smile. The one time we did eat in the food was mediocre at best, avoid.
Ordered two breakfast burritos and spent 35 minutes waiting in the drive through line. Ridiculous. Tried to speak with a manager and he wasn't there. Will not be back here again.
This is a lovely restaurant with quaint wallpaper and vintage photos of miners, because pasties were invented as a convenient lunch for miners in Cornwall; the menu features a bit of history. They also serve the pasties on old-fashioned pewter plates. The food is delicious; they have a variety of vegan and vegetarian pasties. They have a large drink menu.
We ordered take out from here. I found it strange that they didn't have any non-meat dishes. Luckily they were able to make some of their dishes meatless for me. One was the pad thai which was good but heavy on the onions. The other was vermicelli with just the cucumber, peanuts, lettuce, radish & carrots. Still yummy!
Not the best calzones I've had. We ordered two calzones. They were not cooked long enough. My wife's calzone had barely warm sauce. They are reasonably priced.
Restaurant is really tiny but, food is amazing.  price is a bit too expansive  and their tartar sauce , I must say best I've ever tried.
Absolutely amazing! Food is always fresh, flavorful, and perfectly cooked. Prices are very reasonable for bad food... Let alone delicious food! The atmosphere inside is comfortable and the service is always pleasant. I have been going there for over a year and haven't had a bad experience yet.
This place is incredible!  I drive all the way from Tempe to him (about 20 minutes) but it's so worth the drive!  The owner is really sweet and helps you make a decision from his, like, 100 flavor options.  He will mix flavors for you too!  It's a hole in the wall, but it's super cheap!  I even get a plain one for my dog - great summer treat!
Consistently good food and service ! We usually sit at the bar, all the bartenders we've had are friendly and provide good service . We even showed up 20 min before closing last year on Fourth of July and the bartender was cool about seating us , and letting us enjoy a few beers. \nPs\nTry the bleu ribbon burger, my favorite !
Buono's has taken a turn for the worse the service is  the food is worse!!!! I complained to the owner Juan  and he basically told me he doesn't care I can deal with it! I have been coming here 15 years and ever since Jimmy sold the place it's gone to Shit! \nVic would be ashamed of what they have done!
The best breakfast and lunch spot! The food is always amazing- every dish is great. The staff is friendly and accommodating. You may have to wait for a table, but it's definitely worth it!
I've had a lotta memories here at the Grand Lux... some sober ones, some drunken ones, some nauseatingly sick ones, and even some hungover ones. No matter how I felt, Grand Lux has always been there for me 24 hours a day and I'm truly grateful for their comfort food that soothes my soul.\n\nOkay I may be a little dramatic, but since this Grand Lux is in Vegas, there are crazy drunk and hungry people coming in around the clock. The menu is extensive so you can pretty much satisfy nearly any appetite. Typically if I order off the pasta section, another girl and I could share it pretty easily. There isn't really much of a difference between Grand Lux and The Cheesecake Factory except maybe a slight menu change. All the food is still very similar and much like The Cheesecake Factory, everything you order will be pretty good. If it isn't, I don't think they'd have any problem changing it for you since their customer service is always very good.\n\nI typically frequent The Grand Lux in The Palazzo, but keep in mind there's also one in The Venetian. Confusing, I know. But if you're meeting people just make sure you specify.
My family and I tried this place out for the first time about four months ago \nWe weren't happy at all .. \nManagement contacted me soon after and apologized for our experience and gave us a 50 gift card to return \nI held on to the cards until Mothers Day \nI ordered three cheeseburgers and a large salad with steak and blue cheese to go \nMy husband told me the restaurant covered the full bill that went over the 50 gift card amount just a little .. very sweet \nMy salad was super delicious!! \nOh my gosh , I could of eaten two of them !! \nThe burgers were a bit dried out and hard however I did order them medium \nOverall \nGreat comeback \nWe will be returning :)
Very satisfied with the Red House! I've been a few different times since they are in walking distance from my job and house in Noda. This is a family owned restaurant and the owners are absolutely wonderful. The food is great (pasta, salads, and sandwiches) and the bakery sweets are heavenly. Staff is all very attentive and welcoming. Love that they remodeled one of the old original mill houses and kept its character. It's nice to walk in and feel like you're getting a home cooked family meal. I would highly recommend!
On my most recent trip to Joey's I had lunch there and ordered a head of time due to time constraints.  They were pretty good at making sure the order was in on time so we were only slightly delayed.\n\nService was great since there were only two tables around, but the plating of our items was super slow considering our orders were probably the only ones in.\n\nI ordered the Ahi Tuna Salad and then I understood why the playing took time as it was presented very well.  The mix of flavours made every single bite enjoyable and the ahi tuna was fabulous.  The salad is very refreshing and you don't leave feeling hungry.  The only negative is the price.\n\nOverall, it was a great experience!!!
Usually the food from this location is great. Today I called in a large cheese pizza for pick-up. I was surprised when the guy said it would be ready in just 5 minutes. It's clear they gave me an old pizza. It was cold and stale. Normally a fresh pizza take a minimum of ten minutes.
Came here for drinks post dinner.  My friends and I aren't leafs fans and there was a game playing and I thought coming here would be a bad idea because everyone would be really rowdy.\n\nIt was actually a great experience.  The place was very busy but not uncomfortably crowded.   Our server was very nice although he was really busy waiting other tables he made sure we were attended to.   The vibe was great, we were able to enjoy ourselves dispite the game on the big screen.   The crowd was not rowdy at all (of course there was cheering and the loud horn when the home team scored but that's only to be expected). Prices are a couple dollars higher than what you pay elsewhere but average for most downtown bar. we didn't order any food but sat near where the kitchen was and the food looked delicious and upscale.
I found this place with a friend and we very much enjoyed our lunch. The gyros are spectacular and the lady who works there is super sweet. When you sit down she makes you feel right at home. It seems to be one of those places you have to know about beforehand to know it exists, but it is one of the gems of Moon Township. I've recommended this place to a few of my friends as well. I hope to be back again soon!
Came here for dinner tonight since I havent been back in a while!\n\nI started off with a glass of pearfect martini - very strong. It's suppose to be kettle one vodka with pear puree, but it tasted more like either pear goose or some sort of citron vodka! NOT chilled... :(\n\nMy boyfriend and I noticed their menu has changed since we've last been here! No more spaghettti!? por que!?\n\nAny way, Appetizer were sorta kinda the same, but a tad bit different.\nWe started off with Prosciutto San Daniele, Burrata di Bufala e Pepe Nero (San Daniele Prosciutto, Burrata Mozzarella, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Black Pepper) This dish is exactly the same since our last visit, the mozzarella was light and poofy, it wasn't heavy at all. My boyfriend doesn't like cheese, but for some reason, he really enjoys this dish. \n\nBruschetta alla Griglia, Purea di Fagioli, Pomodori, Prezzemolo e Mortadella(Grilled Bruschetta, Bean Puree, Tomatoes, Parsley, Mortadella) EKKKK THE best bruschetta i've ever had, however, they skimped us on the tomatos :(\n\nAs for entrees, we ordered :\nLinguine alla Vongole, Aglio, Peperoncino, Prezzemolo e Olio Extra Vergine di Oliva(Manila Clams, Chili, Parsley, Garlic, Extra Virgin Olive Oil) The pasta was very el dente, we kinda like ours a little more softer. As for the clams, they were very flavorful, however, I found this dish a little too salty!\n\nLastly, I ordered the Mezzo Pollo Arrosto con Scarola, Aglio, Peperoncino, Limone e Vino Bianco\n(Pan Roasted Organic Half Chicken, Escarole, Garlic, Chili, Lemon, White Wine) Thinking it's the same roasted chicken from wolfgang puck in san francisco! TOTALLY fooled! Nothing like it, chicken was a little dry, but i really enjoyed the veggies that came with the chicken!\n\nOur busser was awesome, very attentive and very sweet! He's a great busser!
Really tasty halwa puri, nihari and lamb paya. I would suggest them to redecorate the restaurant and make it clean.
My coworker wanted to try this place for his birthday lunch. I can't believe I've never heard of this place before! When you walk up it looks like a place from the 60s or something. \n\nWhen you walk inside the counter is right there and the line easily wraps around the side of the counter. Very limited seating so either come early or be ok with sitting outside! The service is pretty fast though so don't let the line intimidate you. \n\nI got a corn dog with chili cheese fries. It was pretty tasty!! Plenty of chili and cheese and almost all the fries had some on it. Corn dog was great but it's hard to mess up a corn dog!! \n\nMy other coworkers got the burgers and they said they could've been warmer. The burgers are the thin kind. They also got the onion rings and said the could've been warmer too. They were good but a touch bland. I love onion rings so I'll have to try them the next time because other reviews have said they are tasty! \n\nThe food is cheap and good. If you are looking for a unique place for burgers, fries, and shakes check this place out!! Very good.
Pizza Brutta is my favorite pizza in Madison by far.  My girlfriend and I get the Lombardo with an order of the caprese, which comes with their flatbread.  They change up their beer selection so I am always able to try something new when I go in. I haven't found a pizza better than this in Madison. I recently moved to Sun Prairie, and I drive right by Salvatore's to get here, it's totally worth it!
I ended up here today after a bad experience trying to be seated at Tony Roma's across the street (see review).  However, once I got my food, I wished I had stayed at Tony Roma's!\n\nWe rarely visit this place because their prices are UNGODLY considering what you get.  $4.49 to add on a trip to the salad bar, and $2.69 for a drink.  Ridiculous.  \n\nI ordered the rosemary chicken with baby potatoes and broccoli.  The chicken could only be described as "freak meat" because it had the consistency of a pencil eraser.  The broccoli was cold, and the potatoes were not done in the middle so they crunched when I bit into them.  Eww.  I sent the whole plate back and just asked for it to be removed from my check - the food made me lose my appetite, to be honest, because it didn't even look good.  My fiancé got a fried fish and shrimp plate.  It was small, and he said the food was cold.  I had to laugh, because he kept making this awful face while he was eating like he was choking the food down.\n\nIf we ever visit Marie Callender's, it's usually for my fiancé's pie craving... which isn't even THAT good either.  I'd rather make him a pie myself.\n\nWhy, oh why, do we ever end up here?  It's always a mistake...
Popped in for lunch while working downtown today. They had two seats available at the bar and we were served relatively quickly. I ordered the salmon and my girlfriend ordered the pesto chicken sandwich, both were delicious!! I also had a cocktail and our bill came out to just under $40. I noticed they cater to gluten allergies as well, which is always a plus. We were in and out in less than an hour. Awesome lunch spot in busy downtown Calgary - I'll definitely return!
This joint is the epitome of guilty pleasure/gluttony/comfort food. I have loved The Cap'n since I was a boy. And still do.\n\nIs this "authentic" Mexican cuisine? No. And without apology. It is what it is; and that is delicious. \n\nNo trip of mine to Cleveland is complete with a tussle with a 1/2 pound Burrito Elite at Cap'n Taco. The Midwest never married old Meh-he-co better then The Cap'n, so do yourself a favor and brave the parking lot. It is worth the rigor, and part of the charm.\n\nYou can trust a gringo like me!
Gave Fatbobs pizza a try tonight. Overall my family found the pizza to be average to below average. For the high price we thought it would be better. There are many other pizza places in Brunswick with better pizza for a lower price.
I had been getting the take-out rolls special for months with no issue. I noticed the last few times the fish itself was a bit inconsistent - ends of larger bits, white edged rather than pink, poorly cut - but they always made it to order while I watched and waited and it tasted good and the fish was cold.\n\nToday I ordered, and after a long wait the chef came in from the back, while texting, didn't put on gloves or wash his hands, and sliced up a premade roll that was sitting out on the counter covered in saran wrap (since before I came in). I tried one bite and it was clearly room temp and made ages ago. I asked for a fresh set from the manager and he refused, he would only offer a refund. I said I was happy to wait, but they would not remake it with the fresh, refrigerated salmon. I suspect they are using low quality scraps to make the takeout deal rolls in advance now, which is why they wouldn't make a new one for me with the good quality stuff on display. If this is the true then you are only getting rolls that have been sitting out for god knows how long, and I will not be going back. \n\nThis is a real shame, up until today I really enjoyed coming here.
Every detail that has been put into this dessert boutique has been methodically thought out. Quick tip: try and sit at the bar so you can see the master pastry chef into action! Amazing show for the eyes and palate!
Ugh! What can I say? Out of all of the eateries in Vegas we ended up here. Save your money, save your time. Nothing to write home about..... one of my guests had to send her entire entree back. Why? ICE COLD! Another member in my party wondered why her gumbo was warm on one end of the bowl and cold on another. I ordered an appetizer and was presented with an entree ($8 additional dollars). Overall, the experience was not the greatest. No rush to return.
Great service and food!!! I would recommend while in Vegas, go visit! Portion sizes and taste was awesome!!
My friends and I looove coming here. Whether for happy hour or after dinner drinks. We've done birthdays and other celebrations here as well and ALWAYS have a wonderful time. One time there was a totally creepy dude we caught trying to take pics of us and the security team (Dan, Christina, and Cody) took AMAZING care of us. They kept an eye on us all night and even walked us out at the end of the night to make sure we made it home okay. I love coming here and I love the staff. Favorite  bar in Pittsburgh!
They had a VEGGIE burger.!! I was thrilled. It wasn't on the menu but As a traveling vegetarian I always ask. Sometimes it pays off. They charbroiled it perfectly. It was great after a long day. My husband had the NY Strips and he was very happy. The prices are a little steep $14 for burger and $32 for the strips, but it IS Fountain Hills, \nSo ..... when in Rome, you have to pay Rome prices. Would definitely go back for the veggie burger.
Great brownies.....awesome muffins.....good coffee.....friendly service. The muffins are 2.25 and everything else is under 2 bucks for a single serving.....including the coffee which has free refills. It is definitely worth the drive even if it is out of your way.....because even the cakes they make there are affordable. The day we visited someone ordered a sponge bob cake.....and 50th birthday cake shaped like a castle....and someone even ordered a lavish wedding cake....and none were over 60 bucks....that is an awesome price. \n\nNow I know you can get cake cheaper at a local grocery store....costco....and sam's club...but they won't make these types of cakes and they won't be as good. So if you looking for something sweet to satisfy that sweet tooth head down to Baker Weeeeeee.....Eat, Drink and be Merrrrryyyyyy....my Friends!!!!
This place has it all! Great food, great music, great seating/atmosphere, of course amazing beer. When the weather is great, you must take advantage of the beer garden patio and even if there is rain or snow, the large communal dining hall is so much fun as the bands play all kinds of traditional European folk songs as well as simple jingles that every American can relate to from some part of your life. You can partake in the full liter beer stein swaying and "clanking" or you can easily just watch and enjoy the incredible song and dance from your seat. All of the staff is happy to help you with the creative menu and teach you any lyrics to songs and even dances if you like. This place can be tailored for any occasion. I have been for a wild social outing, an evening dinner, and even a 90th birthday party.... This place can accommodate anyone! As a carnivore, I delved into a big juicy pork shank that had buttery crispy skin that absolutely blended with my seasonal specialty beer. They also have a full bar for non beer drinkers. Others in my group loved the breaded chicken cutlet smothered in mushroom gravy (they have various "toppings" for this dish) and you MUST try the potato and cheese pierogies and the warm pretzels with beer cheese!! I could go on and on but just make sure you give this place a chance and let the good times roll. You won't find many dining experiences like this I guarantee it. Note, for a calmer dining experience (still with some great music of course) go during lunch or early evenings. The "full" Oktoberfest atmosphere can be enjoyed on Friday and Saturday nights. I will be back !!!
It's not good... It's Amazing! Sandwiches are very delicious, steak done perfectly, to order. Good food, warm atmosphere and kind staff will always greet you there. \nFresh meat on the higher price range, but worth it, you get what you pay for.
I was very excited to try this place.  My fiancée and I have been looking for a place to have our rehearsal dinner.  We want a good Mexican restaurant since we have family coming in from all over the world.  We have not inquired on the cost of renting their second floor, but that aside I would be very happy bringing out-of-towners here for dinner.\n\nUnfortunately I work late, so I cannot partake in their happy hour, but we still wanted to try the place, so we came on a Tuesday at about 9 pm.  I got a house margarita and my fiancée got a strawberry mimosa.  I was very happy with the margarita, it was not overly sweet.  The mimosa on the other hand was not good.  It tasted watery and the strawberry seemed fake.  We let the manager know and he immediately took it off our bill.\n\nWe were there for taco Tuesday, so we ordered a bunch of the shredded beef tacos.  They were quite good and much bigger than I was expecting.\n\nAll in all it was a very good place, the service was great and the food was great.  We will be back to try a larger selection next time, and hopefully we will be bringing our friends and family here before our wedding!
Did this as a delivery. Was told would come in 45-60 minutes. Actually arrived 80 minutes later. Food was cold, as you would think. We ordered 3 different entree meals plus a soup and received an order of 4 potstickers for free. Okay. To accompany this was one small serving of rice (for all 3 people to share). One of the entrees was Moo Shu Pork. This often comes with 4 "pancakes" therefore we always ask for 4 additional ones (from every single restaurant we order this entree from). Doing this we realize there would be an additional fee. This usually amounts to a quarter for each additional pancake so an extra $1.00. For this restaurant they charged an extra dollar for each one so $4.00 total. Then to add insult to injury the portion is so small you barely needed the original 4 (and again- ice cold). \nNeedless to say there are many places and choices of food venues to order from in Vegas. We will NOT be patronizing them again. For what was paid out- food was late, cold, and small portion. Definitely not worth it.
Returned to Carne Vino in April of 2015 and it was once again a fantastic meal. We sat at the bar and had impeccable service. My $70 NY strip steak was aged 45 days and cooked perfectly. My wife had the special beef cheek raviolis with aged balsamic and they were amazing. We will look forward to returning again the next time we're in Vegas.
#1 place for a good hamburgers \nThere service is great \nWill be back again \nGrate place to go far from Vegas \nGood for change
It's clean, large selection, friendly service. The food is average, nothing spectacular. I think that the way the food is displayed and the lay out of the buffet is what makes it pretty appealing. I think the Paris buffet is still better (although I did not get to try the Paris buffet on this trip). The selection of food at Cravings is mostly dishes to make you full and not so much satisfied. The snow crab legs looked great until you start eating it and realize it's just frozen crab legs. Dinner cost us $35pp.
BURGERS. Burgersburgersburgers. Eat them here. Especially the Dublin City. I don't like Guinness at ALL, but I loved the Guinness Stout sauce on that burger. Everything on it was cooked perfectly (fried onions, bacon, the burger itself, and there were no green vegetables involved--but sometimes it's just good to have an honestly unhealthy burger, you know? I also tried a bite (or two...or five) of my friend's roasted beet salad, which was SO delicious. I love a good goat cheese/fruit salad, and this one was awesome. The pickle that came with my burger tasted more like a cucumber than a pickle, but other than that, the food was amazing.\n\nService was great too. Our server was friendly, quick, efficient, and got all our orders right with no problems. I was also really impressed with the host staff--we came in at about 8 on a Friday night with a group of five, told them we were expecting to have seven of us, and they seated us right away at the couch-booth-table-thing! So great.
Their food is really good. However, everything is over-priced and the place is an absolute dump. I also question the cleanliness of this place.
We got take out here last night and it's nothing to rave about. The food was just "ok", not bad. The fried rice is barely fried at all, the fried potstickers were SOGGY, and we ordered egg rolls but were given crab Rangoon. Probably won't order from here again.
The food was delicious....well worth the money....I ordered the beef Wellington and it was to die for!!!! The service was friendly and on point.
Slow, inattentive service. Average food. Contrary to other reviews, portions are not "huge". Mediocre restaurant, highly overhyped.
If you are vegetarian, this is a great place to eat!  However, if you are eating on a dairy-free diet, the selection is not AS great.  When I went, all the mixed salads had dairy in them, as well as many of the entrees and soups.  And the dessert (soft serve) had dairy as well!  I was still able to eat a lot, but more entree selections without dairy would have been nice.  My favorites were the blueberry muffins and cornbread.\n\nAlso -- they didn't serve hot chocolate chip cookies?! I was so sad.
Food is well decent but the service is TERRIBLE it is not that hard to be courteous to customers. It is not okay to ignore people and give so much attitude. My family and I understand how the restaurant business works and were by no means rude or even needy but after being bumped into by a server (by the name of Destiny in an uncrowded area)  I don't think we will be back to this location and I hope for the business they get it together.
Good tacos here. Its in North phoenix if you live far it wort it going you won't regret it. I tried there tacos and they are bomb. Highly recommend
I'm so over this place. I used to go all the time and I've been going less and less. Pretty sure last night was the last night. The food is pretty good but the service is terrible. I've been there twice in the past week and I left angry at the end of our meal. It's nearly impossible to get the servers attention, every time she walks past she looks away like she's avoiding us. Service is so slow and their not even that busy. I was drinking premium vodka and the third one definitely wasn't premium it tasted like they gave me well but charged premium. I would've said something but our server was mia, so I drank it and left. Halfway through the meal some lady behind the bar- not sure if she was the manager because she was dressed nicer than the servers just randomly steals our glasses that were pretty empty- I over heard her saying they needed glasses. She didn't ask if we needed refills or anything she just took the glasses and left. If you wanna piss me off its not offering me a refill when I'm paying 7$ for each cocktail, instead you take my empty glass and leave. Towards the end of our meal our server acted pissed that we wanted to split the bill she stormed off like splitting a check was so hard. \n\nOverall a bad experience. Slow experience and poor customer service. I won't be back anytime soon and I'll share my experience with my friends.
Beer is still delicious... but the food is not really conducive to hanging out for a pint, and the set-up isn't really comfortable for sitting down to a nice lunch. The food isn't super great, either. It feels like they're trying too hard to be unique, but they miss the mark. Maybe add something simple to the menu like plain-old chips and salsa? Or French fries? Give us something to munch on that isn't so heavy while we enjoy the amazing beer.
I am not crazy about American sandwiches, but Earl of Sandwich completely smashes my perception.  Here, they don't just serve the average Subway/Quizno sandwiches but THE WORLDS GREATEST HOT SANDWICHES. Yes, it is not just the pompous advertisement, it is actually really good. Each sandwich is prepared with artisan bread that is made by hand and freshly baked-to-order through a conveyor oven. Then at the end, the staff will put in the fillings, wrap it up, and put a sticker on it. The bread is piping hot and the filling is holy delicious. They have an extensive menu, so not only do they sell hot sandwiches, they also have a variety of wraps, soups, hand-tossed salad, and cupcakes. We got two of their signature hot sandwiches. The first one was Cannonballs for $6.99 with meatballs, mozzarella, Parmesan & marinara sauce. The meatball was so tender and flavorful. My friend got the Chipotle Chicken Avocado for $6.99 with grilled chicken, bacon, sharp cheddar, avocado, lettuce, and chipotle sauce. This one was yummy not as good as the meatball sandwich in my opinion.\n\n\nLong line even at 1 am, but quick service!
This place always seems like they have a line in the drive thru. Fortunately it wasn't busy when we stopped by. Tried all of the tacos. Tacos were good but could have used a little more "kick". They didn't have the corn in season but maybe next time. Overall good little place for the price.
Great place. Johnny was awesome and made me some fresh wings right before closing. No complaints at all, and had a great conversation about the business. Very pleasant and great service. I'll be back again and again!
The food here is so good! We've been twice and each thing we ordered was just delicious. We've had the Soltani Beef and Soltani Chicken plates, the Rack of Lamb, Shirazi Salad, and the Lentil Soup. Looking forward to tasting other things on the menu, too. Also, if you ask they seem to usually have the barberries and are happy to make the polo rice for a small up-charge. The only negative is the band on Saturday night that starts playing at 8pm is really loud so that you can't have a conversation so I would recommend coming on a different night or coming early if it is Saturday.
Amazing value for money!  Highly recommended.  \n\nAll prices include tax.  For $8 (veg.) or $9 (non-veg.) you will be completely filled by their 3-choice thali plates, which include salad, rice, NAAN, and papadum.\nThe $5 wraps are also a fantastic value/quality. \nThe owner(?) and the gentleman with the turban are really nice.  \n\nI wish they would offer a bhuna or rogan josh (fish as a protein would be nice too!), and the washroom and decor should be improved, but but at least they usually play decent Indian music, and not crappy Top 40 radio!
This is one of the best vietnamese restaurant I have in Toronto.  My mom voted it as her best.  Try their curry beef brisket, it's good!  Better go there early in order to avoid lineup.  Only one thing I hate about this restaurant is too many flies flying around.......
One of the best off-island Hawaiian places Ive been to!! Service to Food was absolutely amazing :)\n\nYou wont regret your visit!!
I love zoup because I love soup and quick lunches. I almost always get the chicken pot pie soup and sometimes the melted cheese sandwich. The soup is always really filling- they try to get you to get a bowl (16oz) but I've found the cup (12oz) is always enough even when I'm really hungry.
It was pouring when we came here, but yet it was super busy. My two friends and I came on a Sunday night, around 6:30 or so and someone held the door for us and welcomed us in. It was really dark inside, which made it kind of difficult to read the menu (the words were small too) but the booths were comfy, it was warm and the music was good. We were given chips, salsa and beans while we waited for our server. \n\nMy friends ordered a large margarita which was surprisingly good and very strong. After our server took our drink orders and dropped off our waters, he disappeared for 10 minutes. I am not exaggerating, waiting 10 minutes to order is not acceptable. My friends were sure he forgot about us. \n\nFinally, we were able to order our food but by then we had already filled up on chips and salsa (the busboy refilled it for us twice already). Instead of ordering the chicken enchilada, chicken taco and tamale combo I got the beef enchilada and tamale combo instead. My friends stuck with their steaks, one ordered the Cola steak and not sure what my other friend ordered. \n\nWe were all given a tomato based soup to start off with. My friend said that it usually tasted better, and was kind of bland today. I tried it, and it did taste a bit watered down, I added some salt and pepper to it but didn't care for it much. \n\nMy friends ordered guacamole, which was made table side. One guacamole was used along with probably half of a tomato... was it worth the $8? Not so sure, but it WAS good.\n\nThe steaks and my combo came with rice and beans, my friends' steaks were supposed to come with tortillas but they didn't and by the time the server checked up on us, they didn't want them anymore. The beef enchilada was filling, lots of shredded beef and it wasn't too salty! I was too full to try my tamale but did get a bite of my friends' steaks. Both were very soft, and well seasoned. I didn't like the cola steak because it reminded me of a cola flavored bbq sauce that was overly sweet. \n\nUnfortunately since we filled up on chips, we only had a couple bites of our food and asked for the rest to be boxed up. Our server wasn't around much, but the busboy was amazing and very attentive. He boxed up our food, tableside and was the person refilling our chips and waters. \n\nOur server came by, asked us if we wanted dessert and we said no, just the check. Then, he left somewhere, and a few minutes later came back to ask us if we wanted dessert again. \n\nIt was a 25 minute drive from my place, but I wanted to come here because my friends raved about it. After my initial experience, I don't think I'll be coming back here anytime soon and will just stick to someplace closer to me.
me and a friend started our night out here. we were surprised when at the bar we were offered chips n salsa! so since we had never been here, we were like, really? so, Tomas, the bartender took the chips n salsa and gave it to some customers who arrived later the we did! we promptly got up, informed the manager what had happened, that I would yelp about it, and we would never come back. so we went a few doors down to a sports grill, where I had a great  lub sandwich n a few beers which ill yelp about next. I wont go back to poor customer service.
I love it when the guys behind the counter yell at me. In this case, they shouted a hearty welcome when we came through the door of this bustling Malvern toasted hero house. The staff was dressed in schticky shirts with labels like "Steamer Crew" on the back. Sort of like the Joker or Riddler's crew on a classic Batman episode. Holy Hoagie Hotspot, Caped Crusader!\n\nI am a hard core hoagie biggot, so I was afraid I was bout to be hosed when I saw their Italian was served with Mustard and Mayo. I decided to jump without a net and order the combo, just the way they make it, with the House Special Cherry Limeade, served with real limes from a too cool for school soda dispenser. My buds all got the Hook and Ladder. A couple of us ventured into the signature hot sauce collection to turn up the heat.\n\nService was snappy, prices and just about everything else were about what you expect from a franchised toasted sub experience. I ate every bite of the sandwich, and while it was no Italian Hoagie, it was a pretty good lunch, and I will go back for sure, if nothing else, just to be yelled at when I walk through the door.
The honey butter bbq wings were phenomenal!!!! OMG! So  glad we stopped in to get some shade! YUMMY!
I love this place!! Wingstop is the best place for fast wings. They never disappoint! My wings are cooked to perfection and I never have any problems(: today I ordered a 6 piece lemon pepper!! Yum, the best!! Thank you for having a location so close to home
Would give -1 star if I could. Went there with my gf and there were only a few tables there (which were full) except one 2-person table which we headed toward but two other people jumped right in front of us and took the table. No one sat them there. The waiter told us to wait and another table would open up soon. After waiting about 15 minutes a table opened  up so we promptly sat down before  anyone else walked in and took it. A little while later we saw another group come in looking for a table. Meanwhile the staff cleared our table and got us drinks and we were looking at the menu and after about 10 minutes another waiter came over and said there's a waiting list of people in front of us and we have to give up the table. Wait what? We've been there for about a half hour now and were the only ones waiting and no one said anything about a waiting list. I complained and said that's ridiculous there was no wait list. He didn't care. I guess it was his friends who wanted a table so we said a few choice words and left. Not gonna eat at a place that treats people like that.
"Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me." Our visits to this location have been hit and miss. A few years back, we got the mini sliders for my 5 year old, and the meat was as hard as a hockey puck. Replacement sliders weren't much better. Pasta during pasta tuesday was over cooked and mushy. When I ordered in a few days ago, the spinach & artichoke dip was SUPER spicy. Tasted like an entire tub of garlic powder had been dumped in. Pizza was burnt, and gave both my kids the runs. My son missed school because of it. Pasta was too oily. Saving grace was the cake. And for the price (over $90 including taxes & tip!!), SO not worth it.\n\nWill not be supporting them again.
So we got here on a Sunday for dinner. Total price was $37 including tax. \n\nPros: Prime Rib!!! It tastes like heaven seriously. The meat melts in your mouth and is so flavorful and tender. \n\nFish. Cooked to perfection. Flavorful and flaky and buttery. \n\nGreat dessert bar. Creme brulee, strawberry shortcake, pistachio cake...even a crepe station with a very friendly server. \n\nAtmosphere and layout is very nice, clean, and gives off that feeling of being a high roller. \n\nCons: Maybe it was a sunday night, but the snow crab legs were less than I expected. They had a slight yellow tinge in the meat and didn't taste very fresh. Probably left out during the whole day. Disappointed in that. \n\nCeviche. Probably cuz Im not used to it but it didn't taste good. \n\nSo everything was super fresh except for the snow crab legs. The place has less variety than at Bellagio so it only gets a 4. I would come back on a weekday and see what they have to offer.
I have three words for you -- pork... tenderloin... sandwich. That is why I'm giving the Vine four stars. You often can't find these delicious treats in Phoenix -- it's an Iowa thing -- which I find surprising, since so many people from Iowa live here. I'm a native of Arizona, but my roots are deeply entrenched in the corn fields of Iowa. My parents are from there, and they brought with them a love of the pork tenderloin. So, when they heard about The Vine, and their offering of a pork tenderloin sandwich, they woohoo'd their way to the nearest Vine (which at that time was on Indian School & 28th St -- now called McKenna's). And ever since, the whole family have been fans!  \n\nI have dared, on occasion, to forgo the p.t. sandwich and try something different, and I have never been disappointed. They have your typical sports bar/pub food, which is decent, but I must say their french fries are fantastic -- thin, shoestring fries, that are crispy with just the right amount of salt.  And, to go back to the p.t. sandwich, I'll say that it isn't totally a typical Iowa pork tenderloin. Its breading is a little spicy, and they include a side of chipotle mayonnaise, both of which adds a nice kick. I guess they decided to add a bit of Southwest flavor to a Midwestern standard. No complaints here!\n\nSo, if you're ever in the mood for a sandwich that reminds you of your Midwestern roots, or you're just in the mood for some great food, visit the Vine, and you'll wonder, "Is this heaven? No, it's Iowa."
Loving this place it is real. They filmed here food is outstanding. Love all the history of this place worth checking out.
Have not been here in about a year+ because of the move n remove but I must say they are doing the same great quality food service and atmosphere out in Mesa. You have to come out and check this place out for authentic Cajun cuisine. Sooo many awesome dishes to choose from + an incredible happy hour everyday from 3 to 6 and Saturday 2 to 6. One of my favorites for sure is the crawfish etouffee and dirty rice. YUM.\nHeidi n Heather are FANTASTIC. \nCome by n check it out for sure.
I actually came here last week but they had already sold out of everything by the time I got there (near closing). I chatted to one of the co-owners for a bit and found out that they hadn't anticipated so much business and it was partly because blogto had reviewed it the night prior. Although a little disappointed, I was determined that I would come back and try it.\n\nSo I did. I came here tonight with two friends and we ordered the fish taco ($4.50), al pastor taco ($4), and carnitas taco ($4) along with beans & chips ($3) and horchata ($2). All three of the tacos were fairly good and I enjoyed the diced fruits that accompanied each of them (mango in the fish, pineapple in the al pastor, and orange in the carnitas). It was a nice touch that made it more "special" than your average taco. The only downside was the portion size. We collectively agreed that it wasn't too filling and we would've appreciated a larger portion (especially if I compare it to Seven Lives in Kensington Market). The chips were homemade and had a nice crunch to them, but my friend had suggested, again, that they could've been more generous with the portioning of the refried beans dip. They offer 3 levels of heat for their salsa that you can add on the side but I don't have a spice tolerance so I never tried any. My friend, however, does and her commentary was that the heat was too overpowering - so much so that she couldn't really taste the heat but only feel it. Overall, I would rate the food a solid 3.5/5 but because the co-owner was so friendly and I recognize that the business is still finding its way into the market, I rounded them up. \n\nP.S. It's a petite store so there is no seating, there's just a ledge that you can stand along to eat.
Stopped by tonight on our way back home to Los Angeles. My family and I were extremely happy with Bob's costumer service. Not to mention our yummy carrot cake and cookies.  Another great trip to one of my favorite bakeries!
I was very excited to try this place and the hot dogs were amazing.  My favorite is definitely the Bahn Mi dog. As other people have noted the buns do get soggy quick so I don't suggest carry out.  The place is clean and to me the price is pretty good for what you get.  \n\nThe only thing that seemed a little off to me was that the two guys actually making the food never broke what seemed to be permanent and very studied scowls. The hot dog game is serious business I suppose. Or maybe scowling  is supposed to accent the minimalist aesthetic of the joint? Whatever, it was a little off putting.
This place is AMAZING!!...The waiters and servers are super nice and extremely attentive to the customers. It's a small place but is packed with AWSOME FLAVORFUL FOOD!.....This is a great place for anyone that is looking to awake your taste buds I highly recommend for you to come a visit a little part of Italy in Las Vegas!!!
In town on business and tired of all the Casino food so we drove down E Tropicana looking for a local, not chain restaurant.  This place is great it's small but the food is out of this world.  My husband had the Yellow Curry and I had the Cashew Nuts Chicken.  The waitress asks what we wanted for spicy level 1 - 5 I said 1 and husband choose 3.  When it came to the table I was looking around to see who could join us it was so much food.  We probably could have fed 6 people easily all for under $20.
Holy Sandwich Batman! \n\nWhen visiting Pittsburgh to attend my niece's graduation from CMU, she took us here for a bite to eat. \n\nLooking at the menu, it's hard to decide. I finally decided on the New Yorker with a local beer.\nTheir sandwiches come with slaw and fries on the sandwich. Mine came with pastrami, corned beef, Swiss, and a spicy beer cheese as well. \n\nThe sandwich was huge!!!!! There's no skimping on meat here. And while the flavors of the sandwich went well together, the thing I liked best is the bread which was soft and when you pushed the slices together it made all those flavors marry together even better.\n\nDefinitely check one of their locations out if you ever get the chance. Best sandwich I ever had!
Cool spot in Phoenix for brunch and beverages.  Had the crab Benedict which was really good and I would order it again.  Also, got an order of the small donuts with jam for the group and they were eaten in no time. Would return here again and probably try some lunch/dinner options as I've heard those are good.
Had the chefs whim which was excellent.  Make sure you have time as dinner took 2 hours.
How have I gone a year without knowing there is a delicous döner kebab for sale 10 minutes from my office?! \n\nFor those that are unaware, döner kebab is the Turkish equivalent of a Greek gyro (they bill them as gyros here, I think to alleviate confusion). Only it is not equivalent at all, but rather better in every way! The meat is less greasy, and more identifiably lamb (I had someone explain to me once that this is due to döner being halal and gyros, not so much... might be BS, or not). And the accompaniments are better: actual green lettuce, tomato chunks, thin slices of marinated red onions in lieu of giant hunks of raw white ones. And the Turkish yogurt sauce, cacik, while theoretically the same thing, is always somehow lighter and less sour-cream-like than Greek tzatziki. \n\nCan't speak to the service, as I had take out, but that was quick. Waited 5 minutes and had a nice chat with the owner about my 3 months as a student in Berlin (where döner kebab is everywhere). Business seemed slow for a lunch hour, but this seemed to have no negative affect on the food I had, which was fresh, hot, and delicious. \n\nWill certainly be back soon!
Went for a romantic date nite and it was amazing!! If you are going to splurge on a night out for sushi- this is the place I would recommend. The sushi is the best I've had in Arizona, and the service was terrific and efficient. The waitress gave recommendations, and made sure to accommodate to my allergy.. (Being Celiac makes me a bit worried to eat out but the waitress and manager reassured everything was not cross contaminated.)\nI recommend the Taro and basically all the sashimi and rolls.
Some of the best fish & chips you can find in Arizona. All you can eat on Fridays for $14.\nIf you want some good food at a great Irish pub try Fibber Magees
Haven't been hot pot in a really really long time and decided to take my buddy out for his birthday. \n\nThe soup bases were quite tasty. We got the satay soup base as well as the peashoot and preserved egg soup base. You can choose from either a seafood or meat all you can eat menu. However, be warned that some items on the seafood one are not all you can eat. They are a one-off or you pay additional for extras. We went with the meat one.  There was a pretty big menu ranging from the standard marbled beef to pork liver. Definitely won't be bored.\n\nI do caution that amateur hot pot goers go accompanied with an experienced hot pot connoisseur as the cooking times for various items differ. My stomach felt a bit weird when I got home and it may be because I didn't cook some of the items long enough before consuming. Or maybe I have a protein overload... But my stomach is having a very audible monologue to itself as I write this review... They give you a prune soup to aid in digestion as you are consuming an abnormal amount of protein in one sitting. It is a very strong tasting concoction at first, but it grows on you after the initial Buckley's like reaction fades. \n\nFor dessert they have 3 options... turtle jelly (which I found to be wayyyy bitter even with the syrup on top), mango pudding or egg custard. \n\nThe service was pretty bad. We made our initial order and they neglected to bring a few items, we ordered a second and third time and again they forgot... I don't think any of the servers ever smiled... \n\nAll in all the food was good.
This is a Portuguese chicken rotisserie, you know what you're getting! They have their home piri piri sauce, which I wish it had been a bit more piquant. The food is generally good, fresh, the place is often busy with people. \n\nI usually take my juicy bird to go, but the place has tables and it occasionally gets busy.
Pour moi le Baton Rouge Anjou est l'essence même de ce qu'est le service efficace. On vous prends en charge à l'arrivée et ont ne vous laisse pas tombé du repas. Oui, ça reste un délicatessen de luxe, mais la qualité y est. Que ce soit des côtes levées, aux sandwich à la côte de boeuf en passant par les différents poissons, soyez assurez que la qualité y sera et que vous serez servis de manière courtoise et efficace. Cependant, notez bien que tout les Baton Rouge ne sont pas créée égaux.
I'd give the Pho a 3.5 star.  I had a large Pho Dac Biet (combo).  The pho broth was ok (3 star).  It wasn't bad but wasn't the best I had either. The portion was the equivalent of a small (- 1 star) that I am accustomed to in Houston where we have many Pho places.  I liked how the combo already had meatballs and the meat tasted fresh.  Just wish there was more meat or noodles in the large bowl.  The sever looked at me confused when I ordered in Vietnamese, that should have been my first hint the Pho might not be up to my expectations (-0.5 star).  I didn't try the other menu items so I can't comment on them. I would expect the Pho to be their specialty being a Vietnamese noodle shop.  Place doesn't accept AMEX so corporate cards maybe an issue for corporate travelers.
I've been lucky enough to eat here twice in my life. It truly is a wonderful experience\n from start to finish. I agree that the decor could use a little refresh, but it's not bad enough to turn me away. \n\nOn my most recent trip there (2/24/12) my bf and I both walked away feeling like the money spent there was well worth it. Our waiter, Glen, was outstanding, the manager came to our table twice to make sure we were having a good time, and the food was out of this world. Considering the variety on their menu, I already can't wait to go back! I have 3 things lined up in my head.  \n\nP.S. The Gentlemen's Cocktail is the best drink on the menu!
This place looked so good...funk name...we decided to try it on out last day in Montreal...Big disappointment! First of all they didn't serve half of food on the menu for the reason that I didn't even understood...I think just because...\nSecondly, the food was horrible. I ordered baked beans with sausage and fried potatoes. what I got was overcooked can of beans with something looked like sausage.. tasted horrible...\nI will never go back...
Tapas style resto that's great for indecisive & gluttonous eaters like me.\n\nFeature menu also changes weekly. Always something new and fresh to look forward to. \n\nAtmosphere is always live & friendly. Wait can be a pain (looking to at least an hr+ wait) if you go right around opening at 5 pm till about 9ish. After that, wait cuts down to more than half. Instead of waiting outside in the cold though, I suggest giving them your number. For parties of 4 or more, they'll call you back when your table is 15 min. from ready. In that time you can go to Eaton's Centre or walk about. \n\nIf you're up for waiting, ask to go to the porch area. They have the "cigarette smoking" heaters in a little enclosed area outside. Also offer hot sake & drinks while you wait.
Perhaps this restaurant changed management. The prices are much higher while the amount decreased significantly.
CLT layover junkies, unite! In my unintentional quest to eat at every spot at the Charlotte airport, 1897 Market was next on my hit list. \n\nI asked to be seated at a table, rather than a hightop near the bar since I was in the mood for  a more leisurely meal. The hostess led me around and around to a seating area near the marketplace. This place is big! \n\nTo eat, I ordered a pizza and Caesar salad. In true airport dining fashion, the food came out quick! I was actually impressed by the quality of the pizza. It was thin, crispy, and had a nice balance of sauce, cheese, and toppings. \n\nThe only turnoff was the very end when it took seemingly forever to pay. My waiter was staring at the TV and it was nearly impossible to catch his gaze. Like I said, I wasn't in a huge rush but it got to the point where I almost went across the restaurant just to get him to grab my check. For that reason, I probably wouldn't recommend sitting down if you don't have a good chunk of time to kill. \n\nFrustrations aside, I took a look at the small market setup on the way out which was a redeeming quality of 1897. They have locally made shirts, popcorns, sweets, and other goodies that are a step above what you'll find at other airport shops. \n\nChances are I'll be back at CLT very soon and would most likely come back. Next time, I'd probably take up the host's offer to sit closer to the bar for hopefully better service.
Blue Crab Egg Benedict = so awesome.  So many time when I order anything with crab, it usually comes with a few bit and pieces of actual crab.  But this is full of it.
Driving down Warm Springs heading to Glaziers supermarket to pick up some dinner (that place is fabulous), saw a new BBQ spot and decided to stop.  I've had BBQ all over the country, I've been to most of the BBQ joints in Vegas, have only been impressed enough to return to 2 or 3.  I won't be going back to Tennesseasonings.   First of all how can you come up with that name and serve BBQ without any seasoning???  When I first got there I told the owner that I was a BBQ snob, she seemed confident and a few of her responses made me think they knew what they were doing, especially not putting sauce on the ribs, usually BBQ joints the have bland meat use the BBQ sauce to mask that.   Anyway I ordered the half slab with a link and mac and cheese.  I didn't even notice the couple eating until after I ordered, I asked them how the food was and was given a terrible look, they guy invited me to try a rib, I did and it was very bland.  No smoke flavor and no seasoning, don't think those ribs were smoked!  Damn!!  Nothing I could do at this point except hope that the link and mac and cheese could save the day but I knew they couldn't because I'm all about BBQ ribs.   So I get home, start to eat, the ribs didn't magically become better than the one I tried at the restaurant, they weren't terrible just bland and flavorless, well I guess that is terrible.  They may as well sauce these ribs up because that's the only way I could eat them.  Sauces were good.   I had the chicken link, it was OK, better than the ribs.  The mac and cheese was terrible, straight out of the Kraft box, one bite and I was done!!  My quest for good Q in Vegas continues.  :(
My absolute favorite spot to eat! The best fried chicken I've ever had. I work across the street and I'm here at least twice a week. Great customer service as well :)
Great ambiance!  We arrived at six on a Saturday  without a reservation and decided to eat at the bar even though the wait for a table was only 15 minutes.  This was an excellent choice - fantastic bar staff, very comfortable.  Nice menu - reasonably priced.  The food was outstanding and the whole evening was beautiful.  We look forward to coming back soon and enjoying their lovely patio in better weather.
OMG..... For $12, the amount of food you get is WAY beyond my expectations.  What's event greater is the quality of the food..... It is authentic... Kudos to the  chef!  Probably one of the  best lasagnas I've ever had.  My coworker got linguini clams in red sauce..... Superb!!  What's funny is we were out of town doing laundry next door.  Thought it was just gonna be a pizza joint.  Nope!!  Some of the best Italian food we've ever had.  Go there!  You will not be disappointed!  There's a yelp sign in their door window for a reason.  It is that good!!  Thank you La Fontana!!
Extra large cod fish was a tad undercooked and French fries chips had malt vinegar splashed on them. I prefer plain ole salt but was told about it in advance, so I was ok. I am adventurous enough to eat my food the way the chef prepares it, thus I do not penalize on score, if I do not like it. That way they received 4 stars. My guests enjoyed their entrees also. Our waiter Bobby was spot on with service and provided some tourist information.
Let me start off by saying the staff was EXTREMELY friendly and sweet! From the minute we walked through the door we were greeted nonstop. We sat down immediately on a Saturday night. The experience was exciting for our kids. Our waitress Megan was super sweet. We ordered a few items that weren't available and the manager Shauntelle was so apologetic that she offered to replace it on her. The food is family style. And you already know what to expect. It's good enough for the price, not fancy, but consistent. Perfect atmosphere for a family with 3 children. I highly value good customer service. We will be more than happy to bring our family back to this restaurant! Thanks for your excellent service !!
To Hell with Hooters and Half Moon! They ain't got sh*t on the Kilt.  Whoops the Ni99a came out for a min.  Get back in there, they're not ready. lol The Kilt has decent plasmas, and lots of room (except for UFC matches, so crowded no one else was admited). \n\nI love the 3 dollar jack and cokes (24/7 - 365), and the hot wings here are to fall back in your chair and die for. Not to mention the Tempe location has some very attractive eye candy for me and my entourage. \n\nAsk me about a good sports bar for UFC and this is it.
The only reason to give a star is for the pool. The lazy river was great, but that's where the enjoyment of staying here stopped. Hubby and I stayed 2 nights and we reserved a room with a king bed. Upon checking in were were told we were getting a "free upgrade" which turned out was in the grand tower with 2 queen beds and when I said that I didn't want it since I wanted the king bed I was told they were at max capacity and there were no other options. So we got stuck in a room with beds we didn't want and to boot we were right next to the airport side so we had to listen to airplanes and helicopters all day and night...uhhh, this is supposed to be vacation at the freaking mgm not a shaft place to stay. The bed was way too small for hubby and I and we shouldn't have to sleep seperate because the hotel decided to jank us. We were super unhappy about our hotel stay here including the buffet.
I've been here a few times now and Bachi has not yet disappointed.  If you wanna come for a premium burger that tastes even more awesome on an egg bun, do come and check out Bachi and try it out.  For me, it's been the Miyagi Wagyu burger for the win each time...but the last time we were there, one of the servers told us that the burger that all the staff has and swears by is the miso wagyu burger...he said to definitely try it the next time we come out there.\n\nAnd as an added bonus, they joined up with the ramen joint a few months ago and now serve both on their menus.  I come here for the burgers, but you know me and my love relationship with ramen; so of course I tried it out too...just the tonkatsu though.  The broth wasn't as tasty as I had expected, but the chasu was prob one of the best I've had...nice and fatty and super tender.  If you can split it amongst your group, I'd definitely go for it.\n\nThe fries: sweet potato, truffle, oxtail, and regular, are all awesome, and DEFINITELY can feed more than one person, as we learned to our doom the first time we came in and each ordered fries.  The oxtail is quite heavy so you might wanna split the burger...but then again, this is vegas, INDULGE!!!!\n\nThis place can get absolutely packed, which is a sign of the good food, the popularity of the burger, and just the fact that Bachi rules!  So I would come at non-peak times, which is hard to determine for Vegas, Thursday night at around 10 the wait was 40 minutes, Saturday around 9:30 the wait was 5...so it really does follow along with the vegas theme of just gettin lucky.  \n\nPS - there's a new bigger spot also about 15 min away from the strip...but with traffic, can actually take much longer to get to, but if this place is too busy, at least you have a second option.  \n\nStaff - Great!  Esp with the recommendations and the good humor.  Thanks Bachi! :)
Brain was our waiter / serve the young man was on point. I have eaten at that San Diego location plenty of times never this one. The wait was a usual 30 min quote we probably waited 15-20. While waiting looked over menus had an idea of what I wanted to eat once seated as usual that goes out the door. Speaking with Brain decided to have the Roasted Chicken garlic Hash or however it's stated. That was one of the most flavorful dishes I have had and the dang on biscuit. I don't care for biscuits at all but it kept staring at me so unassuming it was begging for me to try it. It was moist flaky and light. I just had some more of said biscuits hours later without heating it up and it's still good. Give it a try. Hope your experience is just as good as mine.
I've been coming here since I was a kid and it's always been a favorite of my parents. Their salads are great and their wings are good as well. One thing that is consistently lacking is the customer service. The waiters never really seem like they want to be there. During our last visit, my sister made a special request for extra of something and she received not much extra at all, with a hefty price tag. She joked that next time she'd bring her own extra in her purse for a third of the price and to avoid the attitude. Fairly recently, they began charging a wing surcharge because of a wing "crisis" by which only they seem to be effected. Nowhere else across the US have I visited where this surcharge is in place. And not only do they tell you about the charge, but they hand out flyers with information about it. It's really tacky and unnecessary. Just up the price on the menu and call it a day. There's lots of noise inside where the bar and games are, so if you're looking for family time be sure to request outdoor seating!
Carefully seasoned meats and super tender lamb shank! I must come back to this restaurant and encourage everyone to try it!
My mom and I were needing some afternoon caffeine so we walked into the cafe without realizing the cafe was already closed (whoops). \nThe owner was awesome though and still made us two iced coffees. He was nothing but kind and helpful. We were extremely thankful!! The iced coffee was exactly what I needed too, strong and refreshing. We enjoyed it on the beautiful courtyard.
Wow!  This place is so tiny, but yet they are able to cram every important part of a bar into this little space.  \n\n#1 - Awesome bartender!  We went on a Saturday and Posey (not sure of the spelling) was serving us.  She joked around with us immediately and gave crap to some of the regulars, which was HYSterical!  We never waited for a drink.\n\n#2 - Wings Wings Wings!  They were incredible.  They deep fry the FRESH chicken wings, then turn them in the sauce (many different flavors to choose from including suicide, a little mix of all) and then throw them on the grill.  I ordered the hot wings and they were both temperature hot and spicy hot - just perfect.  \n\n#3 - Small but still there smoking patio.  \n\n#4 - Satellite TV and football games on multiple TV's\n\nCan't get much better than this.  This was our first time in and the regulars welcomed us as if we had been coming there for 10 years!  We will definitely be back.  The wings are just too awesome not to have again.
I moved from Manhattan to Phoenix in January 2017, and since then I've been on the hunt for a great sushi restaurant and finally (and happily) I've found it! The quality of rice for the rolls is amazing--yes, something as simple as good sushi rice has been hard to find here. And the fish is fantastic. Honestly, the genuine simplicity of this place is what makes it so good. No over-the-top rolls like so many other places trying to blind you with subpar fish but a bunch of frills. If you truely enjoy good sushi you have to try this place!
What can I say, I really can't name a negative thing about this place. Don't judge it by the name. The food is exceptional and the service is friendly. This was the best Cuban sandwich I've ever had. Everything is super fresh. I can't wait to eat here again.
I really like it. Service was outstanding. Simple menu. Sleek and stylish decor. It's a beautiful addition to downtown Mesa. ER has so much potential! I had a lovely chat with the owner, Edmundo, who told us about his family, him being from Mexico and his wife from Costa Rica. The beautiful mural on the wall represents his family. It's awesome! You can tell there is a lot of love and passion behind this business. I also liked the fact that the owner was so friendly and open to suggestions and feedback.\n\nI was so very excited for ER to open since I lived in Chile for a year and ate empanadas nearly everyday. We ordered the El Capitan (it sounded the closest to the traditional Chilean empanadas I loved), and the Cubana. Unfortunately, I was underwhelmed by the El Capitan. It wasn't bad, just not what I was expecting I guess. Cubana was very good. \n\nThey also had a really good lunch special. It was $7.50 for 2 empanadas, a side of beans, rice, and salad.(I think). Excited for them to get their liquor license and start offering local craft beers!\n\nI think ER has a lot of potential. Will be back to try the rest of the menu.
I decided to try this place so I could review it on my website - I was NOT disappointed! Super friendly young man at the counter who had no problem explaining to me how the process worked. He waited patiently for us to decide on what we wanted to order; my fiancé got the Cookie Monster & I got the Spice 4 Fall with walnuts instead of pecans (don't judge me!). Like, whoever thinks vegan food isn't good needs to get a reality check and come to this place!
They ran out of spots at the free lunch at the WVC, but luckily McDonald's was about a 5 minute walk from the conference center at Mandalay Bay. Consistent with the food and service you would receive at any McDonald's around the world, which is of course their aim.
This was really bad. Do not waste your time or money.  Bad customer service. Does not honor coupons that they advertise.  \n\nFood was disgusting and you could tell it was from last week.  Should never have even walked in the door. Thank god there is an urgent care down the street from me that can pump out the only two bites of food I actually ate.
There are so many Hakka restaurants yet this is my go-to absolute favorite Hakka restaurant. A hidden gem that is easily missed on the corner of middlefield and mcnicoll.\n\nPlace is small and rarely ever full but the staff is courteous and boss lady is always so sweet. She goes around from table to table asking how the food was and knows the regulars by their names. \n\nLet's get to the food. There is not a single dish that I've tried that has disappointed. The prices are relatively cheap for the portion and the ingredients! Each dish averages out to roughly $10-12. I recently went with a party of 3, ordered 4 dishes and a soup, total was $50 (including cash discount and tax). \n\nMust haves:\nFried stuffed tofu in black bean sauce (traditional Hakka food) - there's also a steamed version but c'mon, who doesn't love fried food??\n\nChilli chicken - perfect flavor every time. You can also let them know if you want it less or more spicy \n\nShrimp/fish Pakora - Fried to perfection with the real deal , topped with some raw onions and a lime. \n\nGarlic shrimp - more fried goodness with loads of garlic, onions and chilli peppers. Shrimps are larger than average too.\n\nHakka sweet noodles - these noodles are cooked with a sweet sauce which makes the noodles dark brown but taste super good. Another traditional Hakka dish. It is a bit more oily than any other noodles but that's due to the sweet sauce, if there isn't enough oil then the noodles still stick to the wok. \n\nSliced beef with preserved vegetables - beef is not over cooked and with copious amount of gravy. Flavor is natural and authentic - not msg loaded. \n\nGreen beans - a simple dish yet addictive! Deep fried green beans cooked with onions, black beans and chilli oil. A bit on the oily side but flavor is on point! \n\nThe rice and noodle options are all pretty decent for the ones I've tried. Portions are huge for price is always reasonable.\n\nOverall their dishes are either fried, saucy or spicy. If you're not a fan of those then this might not be the place for you. White rice is usually served with the food. \n\nA bonus is there's an additional 10% cash discount \n\nParking isn't a lot but you will rarely find it full. From the outside it doesn't look very appealing, even the inside is very simple. But hey, never judge a book by its cover! I've brought tons of friends there and they all would love to go back!
Had to wait a little before being seated but had a great menu selection and very good food.  Only issue was they only take reservations for parties of 6 or more.
This place was packed. So much so in fact that I had to wait almost an hour just for a seat! I was excited and thought it was going to be fantastic! Boy was I wrong. The only reason I'm even giving them two stars is because the chef was really cool and checked on us very often. But there was literally nothing on the menu worth the money, at least from what I tried. The food was just overly bland. I got the spicy tuna roll, regular tuna roll, albacore sashimi, shrimp tempura, and spider roll. I could never recommend this place to someone, unless you don't mind extremely low quality AYCE. Disappointing, because I was really hyped up because of how busy it was.
Been here two times now, both times late at night with so much booze in my system where I'm ready to lay down on the table after eating and go to sleep. My god the poutine is amazing! There's always a line, with tourists everywhere but I can completely understand why people want to go there. Every Montrealer I've spoken to told me to come here. Every single one. We had 5 people in our group and ordered the classic with extra cheese curds because that's what you have to get. We also ordered the T-Rex which comes with ground beef, pepperoni, bacon & hot-dog sausage. It's a heavenly overload. Two of those for 5 people was the perfect amount. As we were leaving, the waitress comes with four plates for a group of 4 thin athletic Quebecois ladies. May the poutine lords have mercy on their arteries.
It's my second time here at Grinders pizza. Owners Kemal and Mustafa are super cool and they let me try different pizzas today. I have to admit that I m in love with " Kamal's Buffalo Hot Chicken" one. Great place and will keep coming.
Found this little hole in the wall and read Risa's review so I thought I'd step in.  It had the heavy scent of fresh taco chips just being fried.  In the back I saw the deep fryer, what looked to be a burrito press and a friendly guy offering his homemade items.  I asked him if I could try some of his chips freshly fried.  He said sure and they tasted good!  So I purchased some chips and fresh salsa!  Will update a bit later on with the fresh salsa!  \n\nUpdate on the salsa: This salsa is amazing with a good amount of heat!  So fresh tasting and 100X better than the Doritos crappolla and anything else in a jar!  It makes me wonder why I ever eat salsa out of a glass jar???
I went to Vegas with a large group of friends, and we decided to try this place out after it being highly recommended. The recommendation did not disappoint. It is about a couple miles off of the strip, and is situated in the middle part of a suburban area. \n\nAs soon as we got there, it was evident that this was going to be a great restaurant judging by how packed it was. There were nothing but locals here, and the waiters/waitresses were great! They were really funny and accommodating. There was live music playing in the background and I think there must have been at least 4 birthday celebrations while we were there. They make a huge deal about birthdays and even bring out the tambourines.\n\nThe food was excellent (I highly recommend the Steak Al Cilantro), the service was great, and the atmosphere was fun.  The prices were reasonable for the amount of food you get. Oh yeah, did I mention they give you fresh made tortillas? \n\nTry this place out for some great Mexican food! You will not be disappointed!
One of my favorite places for Happy Hour here in Summerlin! Staff is friendly and the HH prices can not be beat! PLUS, HH lasts ALL.DAY.LONG on Sundays #signmeup
A group of us went here for dinner Friday night since the restaurant we wanted to was super busy as it was restaurant week. I've driven by this place several times but never thought to go in. Their big bat sign in the front looks like Batman should dine there and I was never sure exactly what that place was. However, I remember reading a review not too long ago for this place that my friend wrote and decided that I wanted to put it on my list of places to try. \n\nWe got seated right away which was great since they looked pretty busy. The lighting inside is super dark. Their menus are printed on mock-newspapers which are very hard to read and not practical when you have 5 people crammed into a booth. After fighting each other off with our elbows and putting the menus 2 inches from our face so that we could read them, we all decided on what to get. Make sure you check-in too since you get a free chip and salsa app (free refills!). I wasn't too hungry since I had a big lunch so I opted for the crab cakes. The entrees were all pretty pricey, not that the crab cakes weren't but they were still cheaper. When they came out, there were two small crab cakes buried in dressingless salad on top of a grilled tortilla. The crab cakes were pretty good, nothing spectacular. The presentation was pretty odd and seems very inefficient money wise. Vegetables are not cheap and they wasted a lot of perfectly good greens. I tried eating some of it since I don't like to waste food but since it didn't come with any dressing and I'm not a bunny, I left the majority of it on my plate. I tried my boyfriend's quesadilla and it was pretty good. The serving wasn't huge, like half the size of a tortilla. They also used some kind of cheese that I didn't like, it was a little too pungent for me to use with a quesadilla. My friend got the pork chops and let us try a small bite. I don't really care for pork but I have to say that it was really good. The glaze/sauce that it was covered in was sweet and just right. \n\nMaybe I didn't order the right thing, but I didn't want to spend a ton of money on food when I wasn't that hungry. If I were going to spend that much money on an entree, I'd rather go somewhere else. The service was great and our server made sure that our glasses were always filled with water. Overall, this place was kind of a miss for me but now I can say that I've been to the bat cave and wont have to wonder any more.
Mon Ami Gabi had by far the best breakfast of my Vegas experience. It is located inside The Paris hotel. We arrived around 9am and the line looked very long, flowing out of the door.  Since we didn't mind sitting inside, we didn't have to wait for very long at all, maybe 10 minutes. I ordered an omelette with ham and cheese and it was the best omelette I've ever had. Super fluffy and flavorful. My husband had a crepe with chicken and apples, and didn't care for it. It was prepared very nicely but he decided he prefers sweet over savory crepes. Service was fast and friendly. I will come back here for sure on my next Vegas trip!
This is an amazing place, I don't get why the reviews don't reflect it. For the views and atmosphere ALONE I would give it five stars. We went for a late night dinner at the bar area in the back, but got to see all the really cool private dining areas they have with views. It felt like Vegas!  Really amazing.\n\nWe are vegetarian and not a lot on the menu as far as dinner entrees we could eat (in fact, none) but we did a la carte sides and they were really yummy. The broccolini, caesar salad, steak fries and bread were great.\nI really enjoyed the modern design and sleek atmosphere. When you see all the little private dining areas (reservations needed for those I'm sure) that also have super incredible views, you will be sold. I truly forgot that I was in Arizona. I felt like we were in a big city or in Vegas. Cool place.
tao is lucky that my friends and i were thoroughly drunk and had a good time. i should really give it lesser of a rating\n\nour waitress was awesome and our 'vip' table was nice... but there wasnt too much that was vip about it. the room was small and ridiculously crowded. music was ok and drinks were a-flowing... but other then that.... the layout of the place was stupid and i couldnt help but think that we could have had such a better bachelor party elsewhere. by the by... i didnt know there were so many asian people in vegas? too many in one place scares me... especially since i left my oriental card at home - thought that i might be subjected to some sort of water torture.\n\nanyway... alas... we had fun... just wished that certain patrons werent so stuck the f* up.... yeah you know who you are.
Gotta say that this was one of the best Mexican restaurants period..if you don't believe me then just try it yourself\n\nAnd all for under $40.
I wanted to like this place, but I didn't. It was really dirty. The BBQ pork was overcooked and tough. The sauce was so-so. This place is mediocre at best. All in all nothing was really that tasty. \n\nOn the upside they have some old pinball machines so bring your quarters, wizard.\n\nI think people give five stars to hole in the wall places just to be special. \n\nTruthfully, I'd be surprised if my post actually gets POSTED since yelp gets paid to take down posts that aren't four or five stars. \n\nLook into it people - do your research.
Really fantastic pizza! Yeah the line-ups are long but worth it. The Margherita pizza is fantastic. Really simple, completely delicious. And there's nothing better than finishing off with the chocolate affogato. Yummy ice cream and rich espresso - what could be better? Staff is great too, especially considering they are often managing a long line-up of hungry people. Great place all around.
I dunno why this is listed as a pizza place, I believe Scholtzky's is known more for their sandwiches. They do sell flat bread pizzas though too, along with breakfast sandwiches and chips too. \n\nI got their medium smoked turkey sandwich on sourdough bread and could hardly finish it; it was pretty big. It was also a pretty good sandwich too. I went at a random, unbusy time so my sandwich was freshly made pretty quickly.\n\nLocated in Excalibur's upstairs food court, it was nice to find something not dripping with grease like some of the other fast food places around.
Great local casse-croute. There are a dozen classic options for very affordable prices. They open early and close late, so you will find options ranging from breakfast to dinner. The best part is you can order anything whenever! \n\nThis rating does not reflect the quality of the food. You cannot expect too much from places like this. This rating is based on the mom and pops type service, and classic-ness of the menu (i.e. steamers, hamburger steak, poutine, full English breakfast, pancakes, etc.).\n\nI may be a bit biased towards this place as it is somewhat of a local default, but I do leave this place satisfied everytime.
Cucina Bella is an outstanding Resturant , with the highest quality ingredience\nand a great atmosphere.
Sandwiches are way to big.  Plus nothing but meat and bread, was sick of it only a few bites in.  I had the pastrami and my brother had the brisket.  He also said the brisket was dry.
I came here because I work in Liberty Village and it seemed good. I came at lunch but decided not to opt for the lunch specials (looked delicious and were very decently priced) since I wanted to get the Special Bento - this would allow me to try several items on the menu all at once. This Bento costs $16 and it is enormous. I couldn't finish it. I have to say that I don't give it high marks only because the sushi part was delicious, but I was disappointed by the tempura, salad and the teriyaki. The miso soup is excellent. I found that the teriyaki, though well cooked and well seasoned, was simply drawing in the sauce. It was too much sauce. The tempura was also good but the tempura batter was heavy on the shrimp. As for the salad, I just didn't like it. There was something about the dressing that just turned me off...\n\nI also found the restaurant very dark. It's probably very nice at night though.\n\nWould I go back? Definitely. But I would stick to the miso soup and the sushi/maki rolls.
Had the manager Cliff reach out to me on Facebook regarding a wallet that he found belonging to my cousin. Not only did he research on how to find this person he was kind enough to make sure it was kept safe. Thanks for being a good person Cliff. The world needs more honest people like you.
Although we were not staying at this Casino, we had a great time gambling at Binion's. Enjoyed video poker and drinks at the back wall bar and were welcomed by bartender, Matt, whom was extremely friendly and helpful in setting our party of four up with player card memberships. Matt  gave us tips on exactly how and when we could redeem our rewards associated with new card enrollment and use. Needless to say we used those rewards the same night inside the casino cafe and were very impressed with the service and food. Best of all we only spent $1 out of pocket to eat and drink. All of the staff, from Matt the bartender, to the gals in the players club cage, to the cafe servers, and blackjack dealers and waitresses were genuinely hospitable and we will definitely return.
Tartine has become our go-to Wednesday date night spot. On Wednesdays, all cocktails are $5! So, especially in the summer on their super cute patio, it makes for a lovely evening of drinking and chatting!\n\nThe food has always been outstanding -- from cheese plates to entrees. The ratatouille and cauliflower gratin are my favorite dishes. And the service has always been friendly and attentive.  The cocktails are always great, as well!\n\nIt's really nice to share a bottle of wine on the patio in the summer or to sit at the bar for happy hour! It's a versatile place --but kind of small, so come early!
The GF and I stayed at the Venetian in August for our anniversary and our elevators were right in front of the Bouchon Bakery! We decided to get a treat each day we were there. \n\nOn Sunday we decided to try the Red Velvet cupcake and it was really good! I thought for the price ($3.50) and the size of the cupcake it was a pretty good value. The frosting was really good, and I liked how there was a glob of frosting in the middle of the cupcake as well. If you are a frosting whore like me, you'll love it! \n\nOn Monday we decided to try the Fruit Tart, this was actually my favorite, but I am a huge Fruit Tart fan. It was topped with kiwis, strawberries, blueberries, peaches, and a fig! The fig was pretty tasty and unique. The custard was quite delicious and went well with the tasty crust. I have to admit I ate most of this one, sorry sweetie! \n\nOn Tuesday we had the Dark Chocolate Cupcake, this one was my GFs favorite, she loves dark chocolate so this one was all her. I thought it was good but I like milk chocolate better than the dark. This cupcake also had the glob of dark chocolate frosting in the middle of the cake. \n\nSo overall they were all good, I rank it Fruit Tart, Red Velvet,and Dark Chocolate. One funny note, my GF and I were thrown off my their plastic "silverware", the plastic forks/spoons/knives are silver and for a second we thought it was the real deal! If you have a sweet tooth, this is a must stop!
Great happy hour drink specials.  Love the wings.  The chocolate pecan pie was fantastic.   pThe char grilled oysters were small and over priced, even for happy hour.
Good good! The Brussels were unbelievable and the cocktail flight was fantastic. Good selection of wines and the atmosphere is great. Definitely go for the cod croquettes as an appetizers too!
This was a disaster! 7 people for dinner & all of the sides were either wrong or on the wrong plates. It was not the waiter he was apologetic. The manager gave free desserts for all but her comments & excuses were inappropriate! Very disappointing!
Good chili and a nice fast food restaurant
Great place! Matt was great! The food, service, and atmosphere is amazing!
Had a great time thanks to Bethany , fun place great bartenders what more do you want , I have hung out all over Vegas from the double down to the foundation room. It's the bartenders that make or break a place . Don't believe me go check her out for yourself , you won't be disappointed .
My gf and I stopped here for lunch since we live pretty close and have never tried it.  The server was friendly and attentive. When the food came out our fries were cold and the burgers were literally dripping with grease. I mean dripping like a faucet onto the plates. I'm getting nauseous even  thinking about it.  So gross. They were cold like the fries and dripping with grease. my gf got sick when we got home. We werent expecting anything fancy , but this was just beyond disgusting. They didnt even try. You'd be better off getting sakio japan at the mall or tbell across the street and pay 25 dollars less.
Native Grill is our Tuesday night go to place for great wings. The food is good,but our server,Jeri Lynn is fantastic. She is friendly and has a great memory as to what drinks we usually order. She's truly an asset to this restaurant and a big reason why we return every week.
Lots of variety on menu. Slow service but very kind and polite. Moules marinieres were too salty. Baked beans were sweet and delicious.
I went there during my lunch break and I was able to walk in and receive my order in a very timely manner. They don't have an online menu that I could see. The crunch roll was very tasty though. I had some nigiri that was sliced a little thick but probably because they felt rushed. Online menu would make this place 5 stars.
A lovely little taco place with a great vibe. Everybody becomes friends instantly when you step in there. The staff is very friendly, and quick. If there's a line, they still greet you and make you feel seen when you step in. The tacos are incredible, super tasty and at $3 a piece you can really indulge. It doesn't matter if it's 2pm or 2am, you will always be in the mood for some Doce.
not a fan, i dont believe the hype, this has been a landmark of Etobicoke for a couple of decades now, and i cant understand why, everything that i ordered was pretty plain and Luke warm at best, when you see the walls of this place you see all the famous people who have ran through, and it just fascinates me, i feel like asking these famous people if they have been back since, i know that might seem a bit harsh but i don't see how this place is any better then mcdonalds, cause from what i tasted and saw, its not.\nlots of parking, the service is lack luster, and the staff seemed pretty grumpy, a pale  comparison in retrospect of the "owner" in the photos.
Heard about Lee's through the grapevine and stopped in for lunch.  This is a down home locals restaurant with a lunch counter and table service.  First... I was greeted and served by an absolutely fabulous lady as we sat at the counter.  She was of that vanishing  breed that makes you feel like part of the family on first meeting.  All the staff were friendly and courteous.  We watch some very tasty looking burgers come off the grill, but elected to try the Philly Steak and the Spaghetti special.  The Steak was quite good, but might have been improved with the addition of Provolone cheese.   The spaghetti came with a nice house salad and several slices of Texas style garlic bread.  The sauce was tasty and thick with ground meat.  The pasta was a wee softer than I like, but for $7.00 I left happy and full. I will return when in Kannappolis next.  I want to try one of those burgers and am told this is the place for a good country style breakfast.  Check it out... Not fancy, but a great place to eat and catch up on the local gossip.
This place sucked. I think you'd have to be wasted to choke this stuff down. Most patrons probably are wasted.
First heard of this place when I saw the Groupon for it. Checked out the reviews on Yelp, so I decided to buy 3. Big mistake. Should have bought 10!\n\nThe mojitos are among the best I've ever had. Including the ones I had when I was actually in Havana. Heard the portions were big so we decided against an appetizer, but the empanadas looked delicious.\n\nOrdered the pork and the Fuego Pasta. The sauce that came with the pork was great, but the plate could have come with a couple more tortillas.  Had the chipotle cheddar mashed potatoes and the green chile cornbread casserole. The potatoes were good, with just the right amount of spice, but the cornbread was amazing. Seriously, its one of the beat sides I've had in Phoenix.\n\nI'm a big fan of the Big Rig at Oregano's and the Carlsbad Pasta at Carlsbad Tavern, but the Fuego Pasta might be the best pasta dish I've ever had.\n\nCan't wait to go back during happy hour to try the sliders and pork quesadillas. I can see myself becoming a regular here.
Being from Cali,  I must say that although this place was not bad,  it certainly does not compare to Taqueria's  back in the Bay Area!  I mean don't get me wrong,  the food is authentic Mexican.  But what influenced my decision to give a crappy review were two things.  One, I had the Carne Asada Super Burrito,  good price,  good ingredients except for one small problem...The meat was burned!  Nothing like biting into a Tasty looking Super Burrito only to bite into meat ashes!  Mmm, yummy.  Finally lost my appetite about half way through my burrito after coping with the annoyance of meat ashes in every bite I took.  \n         \nThe Second reason is that my girl friend hated it!  She was not feeling her burrito one bit!  So,  normally I would be willing to give this place one more try next time I'm in Vegas,  but the gf says we are never going there again!  Sad too because what brought me there to begin with was all the great reviews on yelp...
Worst place ever visited ! We visit Denny's in the US and they are so good but this store in Canada was disappointing !\nTasteless steak with petite portions .\nCheddar mashed potatoes were tasting of coconut . Horrible !!!\nSirloin steak was horrible , I ordered medium rare ... I don't think the cooks are trained to make steaks at perfection , it's an art to grill steaks .\nPortion sizes were like kids meals with dried n dead veggies ! \nI am shocked !!!
My favorite buffet in town! Always consistently delicious and good service. Tons of variety and great quality food, which can be rare at a buffet. Come hungry!
The crab fried rice..... delicious! The calamari was in a sweet and sour sauce which really made it very flavorful. For starters I would definitely recommend the cream cheese shrimp tempura, to die for. The shrimp and scallops in garlic sauce was amazing. It was sprinkled with toasted garlic and in this delicious creamy sauce laying on top of cabbage and broccoli.... what a combination! I'm going to guarantee you'll love the food.
It's a busy time during Winterlicious! My friend had her birthday dinner here and we had a big group. The restaurant was packed because there was live music band later in the evening. We fit like 20+ people at the back wall tables, there was a little gap between another group of tables with waiter/waitress walking back and forth with food. I was so scared that they were going to drop the plates on my head. It was very uncomfortable seating, had such little space to eat my food. The problem with big groups is that the service is not the greatest and I expected it. Took forever before they finally took our orders, get the food and move on with the next course. Seated at 7:30pm, waited for people to settle into their seats, got our orders around 8:30pm, finally started getting my food at 9pm. I was starving, should of had some pre-dinner before coming.\n\nBecause the place was so crowded, it was also exceptionally noisy so it was very hard to catch up with friends and talk. And when the band started playing, it was impossible! We were screaming at each other and only able to talk to the person next to us.\n\nNow for the food. For appetizer, I got the eggplant cannelloni - stuffed with roasted spinach, ricotta & parmesan cheese topped with tomato sauce. I was expecting it to be served warm but it was close to cold. The dish was ok, there wasn't much of the spinach stuffed in there but the eggplant was good.\n\nMain course, I got the braised beef short ribs with sweet potato mash. The short ribs were really tendered, fell right off the bones and the sweet potato mash was a good combination to soak in the sauce. By this time, I was already starving for hours to the point that I was no longer hungry. The food was still good but I got a stomach ache from eating too quickly. Some of my friend got the ravioli, they said it was good but not filling enough.\n\nFor dessert, I had the tuxedo truffle mousse cake. I wasn't really impressed as it tasted like a cake from the supermarket. The chocolate and cream was too sweet for me. I ended up only eating the cake part. I should have got the cheese cake instead.\n\nOverall, my experience here wasn't that great. The place was too crowded and loud, so if you want a place to carry a conversation, this is not the place. The food was alright, not the best but not bad for the price you pay. Service wise, they were not bad when you can find them or they finally come to you.
Decided to come here before the Pats/Browns game. Great atmosphere. Not too crowded (ESP at 11. Game was at 1). Sat out on their porch. Their macaroni and cheese bites were to die for! Mostly awesome service. \n\nThe only reason I didn't give a 5 star was because one of the bartenders with brunette hair all the way to the right was more interested in talking and taking her shots with her boyfriend, even though I was standing right there wanting to be served. She had a very poor attitude when she finally came around too. \n\nI didn't have a problem with any of the other servers, however! Would come here again. Def recommend.
This was my first time going to reds and I absolutely loved it. The atmosphere is amazing and it's a great place to go chill. The only thing that I would say is that they need some more chairs and maybe some up to date music
If you want fine-dining, this place isn't for you. But if you're looking for a home cooked taste and feel, you'll love this place.\n\nThe owner is a sweetheart and the food is very delicious. Restaurant reminds me of the old authentic Mexican Restaurants we used to have in Toronto (Bloor & Bathurst) before the big chains opened up.\n\nWe enjoyed it!
Super fast service wow. It was really busy today and got to us super quick, Coffee was great had the Biscuits and Gravy made with Chirozo nice twist. Would for sure hit this place again.
Location is everything. \n\nLocated on my usual stumble home, Pizza Extreme is quickly becoming my 3 AM stop of choice.  Bring a couple of friends, randomly select 5 items (ranging from chicken drummies to pizza of decent quality), and head home to play some Tekken.  If you're a couple 7&7's into your night, you will not be disappointed.
Wanted a breakfast sandwich from Jack this evening and the other JIB locations in the area haven't had the best track record with me, so we decided to try this one. I didn't even know it was there! Doesn't look like much on the outside and the parking lot is kind of awkward. But we had a good meal and the girl at the counter was nice. I had the supreme croissant with curly fries. Also had some of my boyfriend's regular fries and they were really good too. This JIB location didn't disappoint.
Great service, everything is either home made, or brought in fresh!\nWe had the sandwiches that were to die for!!! \n\nA must see in the Phoenix area!
Our server Raquel was amazing. Kind, attentive and willing to make things up special according to what you like.
My favorite Hong Kong style cafe in Las Vegas!\nThere are many different types of dishes and dessert as well as a large variety of  drinks. The service is quick and friendly. Also I've heard that the owners' nephew is pretty awesome :)
This is probably one of my favorite places for brunch/lunch at the moment. the atmosphere is so classy and beautiful. the service is wonderful. and the food is great! the bf and i went for brunch and i had the short rib hash. so yummy. Ive also had their steak sandwich. the reason i took off a star was because they gave me a burnt bun. even when i asked if i could get a new bun, the new bun was burnt too! so it changed the flavor of the sandwich. Other than that, all great!
Love their pepperoni pizza! The sauce is really good with rich flavor. The dough is crispy. Love their salads. We've gone to Leo's more often than the other spots in the area. One small complaint: Gotta turn that A/C down to a comfortable temperature during the 110 degree summer.
Que ce soit pour une commande pour emporter, ou un souper BYOB en semaine, Singh's est une super option. \n\nLorsqu'on est deux, on prend habituellement le poulet au beurre et l'agneau madrasa avec des samosas et oignons bhaji en entrée (et n'oublions pas le pain naan) - c'est plus qu'assez et incroyablement bon. \n\nPour ajouter à l'expérience, la famille qui s'occupe du restaurant sont hyper gentils.
Don't waste your time. My husband & I actually caught this on a groupon so we gave it a try. We were not impressed with their Sat. Night buffet. Literally everything was bad, the service was aweful (& we left a tip of $10 at register but they automatically give it to server so when the see a good tip before you even sit down they don't have to work for one) the endless drinks are nasty & beer was expired. I am never a negative Nancy so here is your only up side, the cheesecake was delightful. The endless split crab legs have grits of shell on meat & it is served on the bar frozen (supposed to be cold as the server clarified for us) we literally tried every item besides the eastern area & some things even made me do the immediate eject from mouth trick. My husband & I are your normal people so don't think this review is just because we have high standards. So if you have any standards at all make sure you avoid this place.
This place is a joke, the good reviews are fake. This place advertises as a revolving Sushi, it is not. When we arrived the place was empty, dust on tables empty...menu had no prices, we were seated and then 10 minutes later asked if we had ...More
Finally got a chance to check out what all the hype was about at Pablo. Surprised to see there wasn't a line so I walked in. The mini cheese tarts were excellent and the perfect portion size, and the larger tarts came in two flavors (regular and NY style). Both were delicious! Only downside is that it's all pretty expensive, but you gotta treat yourself every so often.
Driving past this place many times, Bistro on Main radiates a fancy look, except for the almost all gravel type parking lot. Luckily, that's not what you're there for! \n\nInside Bistro on Main is certainly the opposite of its lot - with a nice hostess to be greeted by the restaurant is nicely dim lit with equally nice decor. a rounded out table sat us with a nice view of the bar and SportsCenter. \n\nMonday is the day to be there. The 5 dollar burger and fries special is so famous on Monday's that I heard the waitress ask a group if they "needed menus or just the burgers." I looked over the menu and listened to the rest of the day's specials just in case there was a game changer, but let's be real, I was gonna get the burger. \n\nThe burger and fries were not a disappointment. Great sized portion, filling and satisfying with good service. \n\nNot a super fan yet until I try more menu items, but a definite must try. \n\n- @ZakirGhazi
This restaurant was amazing. We had the best service and the food is amazing. I would hands down recommend the lobster risotto
This is a pretty decent Chili's. The food at all Chili's locations are the same so you know what you're getting going into this. We came around 2pm with a large party of 7. I was happy to find that we didn't have to wait at all to be seated.\n\nI had the chips and salsa for an appetizer and the Buffalo Ranch Chicken Sandwich for my appetizer. All the food I had was good. Service was also prompt. Our waiter checked on us often and was quick with refills. I would come back to this location if I was wanting Chili's again in the future.
Delicious Fresh Food! Stopped for lunch on trip from Alabama to Raleigh. Great selection. The side with our grass fed burger, veggie wrap and mushroom Au jus sandwich was a heaping bunch of grapes. Yum
I split the salad and a pimento cheese sandwich with the mrs and they were both fantastic. The outside seating was plentiful and the food came out quickly, once ordered. I will go back.
Ok\nThe food here, its freakin' good.  Really good.\n\nLike, no joke.  \n\nAnd from seeing this place, you wouldn't think it.  But their food, really is impressive.  And cheap.\n\nTry their mini chimichangas... or their supergooeycheeseychimi (which is basically a beef chimichanga topped with tons of cheese and cream cheese and more cheese)\n\nTheir drinks are good and average  Good place for happy hour, or drinking during the day.
The breakfast menu is the star of Epicure. The prices are great and it tastes homemade unlike Subways or Tim Hortons. The staff and owner are very friendly and helps you explain the menu or any other options you might like to grab. It's a very nostalgic and home-y store that all my coworkers love as well. I'm just worried that some of the packaged goods may have been sitting there for a long time but HEY, it's stroopwafels!
Love Papa John's. It's our go to pizza place. I highly recommend ordering pan style crust as opposed to regular. Much crispier and delicious. Once you go pan, you never go back. Delivery is also quick and pizza is warm. I accidentally tipped the driver $30 one time and they called me back and gave me a credit, since it was obviously an accident. Honorable.
I really enjoyed this spot. They make their noodles fresh in house. I went with the pork broth ramen. No extras, just straight up. At first the porkiness of the broth us a little overwhelming,  but once it settles it's delicuous. All ingredients used were really good. Oh and I went with mild spicy, which just barely hits your throat here and there. Good stuff, not pricey.  But don't go, it's small, and you will just cause me to wait in line longer next time I go lol.
I don't know why people would rate this place 5 star, even it doesn't deserve a 2 in terms of service. We went to this place bunch young people. They treated us like second class citizen. They didn't pay attention to our table AT ALL!!!!! and they didn't take us seriously. The service WAS SO DAMN TERRIBLE that when the server came..............she didn't even bother going to the other side of the table to service the water to each person properly. She wanted to cut corners & kept pouring water from this corner of the table to the other end of the table without  even asking if we wanted more water.......Moishe's management pay attention when a customer ask question about your after 9pm menu IT DOES NOT MEAN THEY ARE CHEAP & definitely it DOES NOT GIVE YOUR STAFF THE RIGHT to treat them disrespectfully...............I WILL NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE!!!!
This is place is a weekly trip for us as my girlfriend loves the salmon and martini's they serve here. We have been frequenting this place ever since we moved to the area versus the rare trips we would take for the awesome cream cheese chocolate cake made by Caroline or the lunch Caesar chicken sandwich. Here are my ratings of each dining point I consider when going here:\n\nService: 5/5 Fast and very helpful, Even the chef will dig up custom stuff and cares what people think of the new entrees.\n\nAmbiance: 4/5 The place used to be a home so it's a little cramped but nice nonetheless. Not as comfy as some others like Ticoz but we like it. As it is small\nin seating ranges you can't get too loud so keep the rowdy folks to the Applebees locales.\n\nDrinks: Ginger ale and the kiltlifter is nice as well as the blackwidow and black / blue martinis.\n\nrecommended Food:\nFish 5/5: My girl's favorites are the halibut,swordfish,miso salmon with basmati rice, she also loves the spinach and asparagus.\nSandwiches: 5/5 for roast chicken with green chili, side of coleslaw or balsamic salad 4/5 chicken caesar is good but sometimes is hit and miss\nmeatloaf: 5/5 best I have ever had, it is a beauty.\nTacos: 4/5 One time I had pork tacos they were the best ones I had tasted, the next time they were ok, then the last time they were great, not sure why but still recommended.\nCream cheese cake: 5/5 Made from local baker who used to do deserts for Circa 1900 but now does it for them and Urban Bean to name a few.\nSteak,chicken, pork: 3/5 I have tried each and every one here and while you wont be disappointed there isn't a wow factor like the meatloaf. The sauces seem to not match or compliment the specific meat in my opinion. I would love a bordelaise sauce or onions and mushrooms with the filet for example.\nAppetizers: ?/? I am not a fan of  the bruschetta but haven't tried the rest. I have heard the crab cakes are awesome but have yet to compare them to Fez's awesome versions.\n\n\nPricing is on par with Sophie's but less than Christopher's and more that Ticoz. I am fine with it as the food I order is totally worth it.
Hostess was not friendly, we couldn't sit in the restaurant side because we were only ordering appetizers, there is no service on the bar side, you get your own drinks and have to ask for a menu, seems run down from the last time we were here...Not impressed
Best tacos and carne asada fries I've ever had!!! My boyfriend ordered the carne asada fries and I ordered 2 carne asada tacos and a chicken taco and everything was delicious! We will definitely come back on our next Vegas getaway!
You can't go wrong enjoying the UFC on a warm summer night. An ice cold Raspberry Margarita to accompany a Chicken Dill burger & you'll be in 7th heaven.
I've been to La Bocca a few more times since my original review. The pizza is still great and competitive with the other great brick oven pizza joints in the area.\n\nThe big feature in this update is the ice cream cookie. This dessert resembles the fabled pizza cookie at Oregano's, but is undoubtedly better. First of all, the ice cream is of excellent quality and comes in a couple unique flavors (provided by Sweet Republic). We had the mint ice cream, which had bits of mint leaves and chocolate chips in it, leading to an amazing fresh flavor (like an ice cream mojito). Second, the cookie was baked perfectly and had a large amount of chocolate in it. The warm cookie dough and chocolate had such an excellent flavor. Lastly, the dessert was reasonably sized for two people to share and indulge in the great flavors, but without over doing it. I wouldn't go here again without getting this dessert.
I came here with my girlfriend and spent 30$ on two people how expensive especially when your main entree comes out cold to the bite. The Vietnamese Eggrolls were cold as hell. What a waste of money and time. Stay away, there are many better places near by !!
In my opinion total perfection is hard to achieve. It would mean that the service, food, ambiance and wine list were flawless. Well, let's start with the wine. A well curated selection of French classics with a couple of well-timed new world wines for good measure. We are off to a good start. The food was impeccable, with great portions and really stayed true to its French roots. I also liked the small, yet well thought out menu. 2 for 2. The service was good. Our often silly food questions were answered and the meal was brought out in a timely fashion. One more to go. Finally, we get to the ambiance. My wife and I were seated next to the door, which at first was a little off-putting, but because of the layout and size of the restaurant, it wasn't a big deal. The decor was very nice and complimented the food and service well. Note. In the winter, that table near the door will be brutal. But let's ignore that and get back to the quality of this restaurant. This restaurant is what Lesliville is all about. Quiet, well-appointed, quality.
We happened in here almost by accident after hitting yelp while parked outside and what a great choice because Chef Michael really does use his Mama's recipes . Entertainment in the form of piano music or a trio 6 days a week. Michael is also a singer having performed\nAt the Sands back in the days before the restaurant business.\nThis one has only been open since August 2nd and on a Wednesday night every table is taken. Suggest reservations needed, we lucked out because it was before 5 when we arrived. I had to amend we just had the greatest Cannoli's were to die for omg! Chef said I have to be honest with you We Get Our Cannoli's from the Deli at Sienna's
Great place!  Went today for lunch for the first time and both my husband and I really liked it and the atmosphere was the BOMB!   We grew up in the Bay Area and one of our favorite places to eat was a place called Joe's at Westlake because they had the best crab Louie salad ever!  Huge chunks of crab, egg, tomato, pickle etc.  my suggestion is to add crab Louie to your menu!  We can't find anyone around the area that makes one!
Actually liked this place, good lunch specials.... Decent Bloody Mary. Food could use a bit more flavor. Like the staff, love that you can see chefs thru the window while they cook your food!! Should be open longer!!! :(
Not being the biggest noodle-soup fan, I first came to GB last November at the urging of my boyfriend.  I had low expectations, all of which were happily surpassed.  \n\nGB Noodles features hand-pulled noodles (you choose the thickness) and only 2 items on the menu - a broth with beef, and a dry ground-pork noodle dish.  Having tried both (along with a few of the appetizers, such as the chili cucumbers and a potato dish) I can safely say that they are both flavourful and delicious!\n\n2 things I liked: The soup itself - this place does 1 thing (okay, 2 things) and does it well.\nThe little fruit-flavoured candies you get with your bill.  No idea what the flavour is, but damn, do I look forward to those things when I go!\n\n1 think I didn't: Very small space, which often requires a wait.  However, I don't think we've ever waited more than about ten minutes for a seat, which may be more to our excellent timing than the speed of service.
Dined here twice over the past few months at a friend's request. He isn't a foodie, but the food is adequate, and well presented. I had the pasta olio with chicken and garlic toast, and felt  the food was well matched with the price line. Servers are friendly and competent, and atmosphere is casual and pleasant.
+.5 for service\n\nGyu-Kaku has finally opened in Toronto (okay, it's opened since my last visit to Toronto back in December). A place where I wasn't familiar with the meats when I first tried in LA, I get to have another shot in seeing why this place is so popular among foodies.\n\nI arrived on the night of Labour Day, and it was reservations only (no walk-ins). Thankfully my dad reserved beforehand, so we did get a seat.\n\nGyu-Kaku is a yakiniku restaurant, meaning it specializes in grilled meat. There's a grill in the middle of each table where you grill your meats once they arrive. Monday is a full day Happy Hour (regardless of holiday), so if you want some sweet deals on meats, come on a Monday night.\n\nI had the kalbi soup to start, followed by the premium meat lovers meal. I loved every meat offered, especially the miso skirt steak, toro beef, and New York Steak. The bibimbap was also really good, as well as the chicken karaage. I could probably do without the salad next time, but can't complain too much since it comes with it. If you can't afford the premium meat lovers, the meat lovers option is quite good as well.\n\nService was excellent, the workers are also very knowledgable about the menu. Definitely a highly recommended place if you love your grilled meat.
Normally, I have a good experience at another location & thought this one would be the same. This time however, my experience was horrible. Our server never suggested any items nor did she check on us the entire meal. The manager came over to check- broccoli was undercooked & the mashed potatoes & gravy were too peppery & tasted horrible. At the least, our server passed our table 4 times without asking how things were. I paid the bill just to get out of there & will not be returning to this location ever again.
Here's what the place has going for it: decent bar food and cheap.  Here's the negative: We think we're pretty open people, so porn isn't a big deal.  However it was on every TV in the place.  Guess that's part of the novelty, but having sports on a few TVs would be nice.  Especially on a Sunday morning.  The service was awful.  We waited & then started waving at the servers to try to get their attention just to get a coffee. The servers were pros at not making eye contact. Ordering food was quick, but waited almost an hour to get the food.  We were on the verge of cutting our losses (we had to prepay) when we saw what we were hoping was or food. If the service had been better (more friendly) this would be a different review.
Jenn the waitress was great. She was very attentive and helpful. She had a wonderful knowledge of the menu, sauces and desserts. Her personality was refreshing. She did a fantastic job!!! I will be back!!!
Once again, unbelievable that yelp would take my rating down. Just thought of this place since a friend told me last night she had the same awful experience(s) there and would never be back. Rude, inattentive staff, and mediocre food. Take your money elsewhere.
I was  a fan when they were just a food truck and im even more of a fan now. This location is great for them, its spacious, booth or table seating. You order at the counter and pay and then they ask for a silly nick name for your order. I got the #2 burger "egg burger". Ive never tasted anything like it, The crispy onions and eggs are what made the burger unique and delicious all at once! I got the jazz fries, Personally i LOVE them, my bf on the other hand thought the sauce was a bit too sweet. The service is great too, cashier was friendly and made suggestions on what to order when we asked. If your looking for something quick and easy at the strip there is no better place to go! Maybe just a delicious burger, still the way to go (:
I'm not a big pizza person and this place still gets 5 stars.  I actually even chose it for my bday luncheon with the family (not that their fantabulous bar had anything to do with that choice...) ;-)\n\nBrussels sprouts pizza = heavenly.\n\nWine coolers = YUM!  I'm a strong drink kinda gal - gimme an Old Fashioned any day.  BUT, these coolers redefine what you think you know of as a wine cooler.  Its not that they're super strong or anything, but they are beyond refreshing on a hot day.  (Or a cool day for that  matter.)  I highly recommend the Grapefruit Ginger as long as you aren't a super sweet-tooth.\n\nAtmosphere is great, people are friendly, food and drink are yummy.  Go now!
A nice, clean, and appealing restaurant. We started with the chips, dips and Guacamole. It came with a huge amount the Guacamole! As the main meal, I ordered the chicken enchiladas with sweet beans. It was Delicious! Good background music in my opinion- ie :The Eagles, Rolling Stones, etc. It's such a pleasant change from hearing today's pop music blaring. \nOur server (Tori) was extremely attentive and knowledgeable.  Would definitely come here again.
My experience at La Piccola Cucina was great.  Dining in this cute little house turned restaurant was charming and the food was tasty too!  For only $12.95 I was able to pick out one meat and two sides.  After much debate I picked a steak, butternut squash, and couscous and I enjoyed every bite!\n\nMy friends and I stayed a while talking and ended up in a conversation with the owner who proved to be very passionate about food and food history.  It was a fun experience and I'd love to go again!
Love that this place is open 24/7 and they have great things on their menu. Sat down, ordered, and received my food in a matter of 5 minutes. Great food and great service here with convenient hours and location.
We love this place. Best sushi around..even got to see a few SF Giant players in having sushi. They said its there favorite place.  If u love sushi you will love this..
Went for lunch on a Saturday and surprised it was as empty as it was, two other tables when we sat down, about the same when we left.  The staff was very friendly, but not very knowledgeable so still points there, service experience overall is key, especially the lengths they went through to answer the questions.  The Edamame appetizer was over steamed and bland, wouldn't order again. I had the slider sampler (NomNom and Pad Thai burgers and Banh Mi sand) which was a mistake only because such small patties of meat tend to dry out fast, both my burgers were dry as a bone.  My son had the kids burger which was not dry, tasted fair but still not anything I couldn't cook at home.  The fries were boring.  Wife had the Peeking Duck burgers which of the 4 min sands, two had nice cuts of duck the other two were loaded with fat and skin and uneatable. Our mediocre experience doesn't mean its a bad place, maybe just the "C" team was working that day. Try it for yourself.  We, on the other hand, did try it and will not go back.
Fantastic food and super low prices....we love going here.\nNothing fancy for the decor, but that won't matter once you try the food.
We had beef stew noodle soup, spicy and tasty, different than pho or Chinese noodle soup.  The beef pancake is good too, they were delicious.  The price is around $8 and $9.  The portion is good. The service is fast.  A small place but good noodle soup, we would come back again.
The Church Brew Works has a fantastic atmosphere based on the idea of turning an old Catholic church into a brewery. The venue has a large area to seat its customers for dinner where the congregation previously sat in the church. They also have a bar located in the back left of the establishment.\n\nUnlike our previous trips, we sampled their food menu as well as their beers. While dining, we sampled their Italian Perogies, gumbo, French onion soup, and buffalo steak. Everything was good and had good taste. However, not the best I had through my experiences.\n\nThe beer was fantastic. As an IPA lover I sampled the hoppiest beer they had in house and was happy with the brew.\n\nIn summary, this is a good microbrew and restaurant in an extremely creative atmosphere. Your dining experience here is more based on novelty than quality, but I'd surely recommend joining the "congregation" at this church!
Gotta say this place has a great feel about it. Like i stepped back into a simpler time. The waitresses were welcoming, sweet and genuinely nice. I had the mediteranian salad which was seriously fresh and delicious. Chill spot, good food....worth a visit.
Great authentic Mexican food. They are known for their tamales but they weren't anything special- service is friendly, margs are tasty :) More on the touristy side and ok for families..can be a little pricey.
My wife & I had a Groupon for this place, and for the price, it was very poor value & quality.\n\nWe ordered the grilled calamari, the saganaki (it's cheese on fire, we have to do it), and the combo souvlaki.  In summary:\n\nGrilled calamari: Didn't even taste like calamari.  My wife couldn't even finish her share.\n\nSaganaki: OK, most are better than this.\n\nSouvlaki: Wouldn't do that one again.\n\nEven for half price, we wouldn't return.  Not the worst, but pretty bad.
Pretty average. I picked up on a Sunday evening. Had one of the beef Pho. It wasn't bad but I've certainly had better. Not a lot of flavor
The two things I really like about QDoba are 1) Quesadillas!! and 2) guacamole at no extra charge!!!  I added rice to my quesadilla this trip and it was messy because it kept falling out. My hubby got a burrito bowl with the new bacon jalapeño queso. He said it was mostly bacon flavored and not much jalapeño, but he enjoyed it. We also had chips and queso. I think I could live on those.
My first time here! The hummus is freshly made. The salad is a decent size and the dressing was delicious. Everything I need to change the way I eat.  Will definetly be back
Pretty much my favorite in town to grab dessert. The interior is super cute and it's definitely a great place for date night or girls night. My only thing is that now too many people go and it's too crowded..
We came here twice on this trip down to Phoenix and it was good and the wait staff was great ! Salt and pepper dry rub was a great taste on the wings for some of the youngs that did not want blistering heat !
Great food, TERRIBLE service. So bad that the hot head owner and his family communally lost their cool and kicked my family and our friends out for reasons that are still a mystery to most of us. At least i'll never forget my 36th birthday!
Not only was the food wonderful but the staff are friendly.  The ribs are sooooo tender and the red beans & rice are fabulous.  The cornbread is YummmmmY.
We have eaten breakfast lunch and dinner here. Food is great and they don't mind us picky eaters with substitutions and special cooking instructions. I've yet to try the desserts but hear they are to die for.
We arrived around 8pm on a Wednesday and there were only 4 other occupied tables.  In contrast, we had eaten at Bonaparte on Monday at the same time and they were turning people away. \n\nOur meal was fine and the service was fine.  We both ordered the risotto and were surprised to find that it had clearly come from the same pot.  I had ordered shrimp and mushroom - those were placed like a garnish on the top of a bowl of plain risotto.  My husband had the same bowl of plain risotto garnished with asparagus and shrimp.  Granted the risotto was very cheesy and tasty, but given the time it took to arrive the kitchen could have made it to order (especially since the restaurant was so empty).  I've never been served obviously mass produced risotto before.\n\nThe food was reasonably priced but they clearly make their profit on the wines.  There were very few wines under $50 (CAD)
A failed attempt at a more chic version of Noodles & Company. Dishes were decent but cheese was mostly bland and tasteless. Philly Cheesesteak Mac and Wisconsin Mac were both bland despite having ample cheese. 'Garlic Bread' was dried out breadsticks brushed with garlic butter. Tomato soup was tasty,  but not worth a trip by itself.
First thing I have to say is if I could have given it more than 5 stars I would have.  This restaurant is really small but extremely popular. This means that it is hard to get a reservation. We were on the waiting list and got the call the day before. \n\nService was great. I was there with a group of friends, some are english speaking only and the waitresses had no problem in either french or english. \n\nWe took the table d'hôte.  Some took the beef and I took the lobster. My first meal was a soup. Carrots, orange and ginger. It was extremely good. For the main  plate, the duck was really good and there was actually and lot of it. More than I expected. I had heard that the sauces were good but I did not know how good. It was a figues and balsamic sauce. My girlfriend had the beef, which I tasted and it was melting in my mouth.\n\nFor desserts I took the lemon cheesecake. The beginning was really soft and it was really good. The chocolate cake tasted a bit like a mi-cuit: it was soft and moist.\n\nAll in all, this place is a little gem in th le west island. Font be discouraged by the waiting time and just be sure to call well in advance. I month in advance if possible.\n\nI was forgetting to mention. For the price it came ar about 50$ per personn and it's a bring your own bottle which helps control the price
This place is pretty neat. It's right at Bay and College and across the street from their hated rivals, Colaba Junction. I bet the two staff play against each other in a softball league. Or..idk. Anyway, I tried the vada pav and the classic pav bhaji, and both were quite tasty, and similar enough to what you may find at street vendors in India. Food arrived pretty quickly, and there's a nice charm with the decor in the space. A mix of modern design with old school Indian photos adorning the walls. Overall, not a bad place for lunch or a date.
Wow, just wow. I'm from the Napa valley so I'm very critical of food, rarely give 5 stars but this place is remarkable! I'm not Lebanese but this place seems legit! If I had to describe in 2 words it would be; fresh and satisfying. Also the customer service is great and the price is on point. YAY!
This is only the second Korean BBQ place I have been to...and now I'm hooked! The service is great, ambiance relaxing and inviting and the meats are phenomenal. We had the beef and pork platter. Connie helped us cook the food and delivered an entire table of sides! I'm glad this restaurant is so close to my home, because I will return often.
If you're looking for Southern, deep-fried seafood, this is the spot. It's so hard to find good fried catfish, but Mr. D's does it justice. Their fried clam strips are pretty good too. Classic soul food cooking at an inexpensive price.
Best ribs and fries I've had in the city! Don't judge a book by its cover -- this is a hidden gem in Toronto.
Great Decore and more of the great simple food I Expect from any thing with Gordon's name on it
I never eat the crust on a pizza but the crust on the New York style is delicious! My new favorite pizza place.
Food was amazing and service was perfect! Fried chicken was off the hook-perfectly cooked and sweet and crispy! Beef tar tar was indescribably great! The ceviche was sooo good! The sangria was awesome and had a buttery aftertaste! The fried egg was very interesting and new-great flavor! The beet taco was intriguing and very tasty!  Culinary dream!
Really authentic german bakery, everything is great. Sometimes customers and owner conversing back and forth in German.
The food is delicious especially the signature French toast. However the place is hard to find they are not located at the address posted, they are off of Goldwater and Main Street
Best breakfast place in town!! the Dutch oven pancake is a must try, best one I've had so far!! \nYummmyyyy
Capriotti's is not your local subway. The Bonnie! Thanksgiving in a sub. Turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing.. ohhhhh bad move to eat this during my hour lunch. :) Service was very friendly. The place is clean and well taken care of.
I love the food better than Pitta Jungle is more authentic, tasteful and the atmosphere is beautiful especially when you can sit outside.
Today was our second time here.  We enjoyed it so much we came back within a week.the wait staff is friendly. Chef Ken is  wonderfully entertaining. While preparing our Japanese delights. His humor is quite refreshing in the mid afternoon.  The food is excellent we will recommend this place to our friends for Japanese cuisine
This is a great little hidden gem to hunt down if you're in town.  Lucky for me I live only 10 minutes away \n\nGreat price, great ice cream, cool owners and beats those mainstream ice cream shops.  \n\nI had the milkshake and my family had the ice cream cones.  Milkshakes are amazing!
Still in love with this place! My fiance and I come here as often as we can, can't come as often as we'd like or we'd each be about 15 lbs heavier though. The burgers are top notch! My fiance loves the italian beef, which I had before and thought it was good although the burgers are amazing so I don't like to go astray and get something different. Customer service is still awesome, and the prices are extremely reasonable. My fiance and I have since brought many friends here who have all been back to enjoy this place without us. Will continue coming back whenever we are too lazy to grill our own burgers! Love the fresh ingredients inside, and I seriously have dreams about the Lobby special sauce they put on the burger. Those fries dipped into the Lobby sauce is ridiculously good. Mmmm!
Visiting from out of town, I came here for lunch today on the recommendation of the local Toronto happenings and entertainment paper (I can't remember its name, but if you live here, you will know what I mean). It's clear that this restaurant is just starting out. It was pretty empty for a Friday lunch, and the cook, who was a vegetarian, had never cooked a steak before. \n\nThat said, it was a really good meal. I had the escargot v-v as an appetizer: superb. I had the steak frites as my mains.  The vegetarian-cooked steak was extraordinary: perfectly cooked and delicious. The frites were not my style: I like a cripsy frite, and the Toronto style (not just here, but other places, too) appears to be more home-style: kinda limp, kinda greasy.  I had the macerated berries with chantilly cream for dessert: again, excellent, the berries were perfectly ripe and juicy and delicious.  \n\nI would definitely come here again: really good food.
I've been a Chompie's customer since 1982, but this was my first visit to the Arrowhead location.  I moved to this side of town a year ago but it never popped into my head.\n\nCailynn was our server and she did a great job, the food was hot and I appreciated the senior manager kicking in to help out and bring our food out when our server was busy.\n\nIt was your typical Chompie's greatness, and close to home.
love going here. love the gyro wrap with greek salad. always super fast service
i've had a blast at this location. amanda was our server and she made our experience fun and vibrant. i wish they had more locations in florida because i would be there every single week! thanks Vegas Sugar Factory for the memories.
I had dinner here last night. The orange peel chicken with brown rice was good and met expectations. The thai beef salad could have been much better. The beef was cooked in a wok, but it was overcooked IMO, very crisp, and dry. The salad dressing almost tasted like Italian. The flavor of the mangos got overwhelmed by the vinegary dressing. It didn't taste bad, but it wasn't flavored like a typical Thai beef salad or papaya salad. \n\nI'm seeing a pattern to Pei Wei. I like their wok items, but their Thai food doesn't hold up. I guess I don't appreciate fusion. The orange peel chicken gets 3 stars, the Thai Beef Salad was 2 stars. I will be generous since the service was pretty fast.
I have been there 2 times.. The first time it was good. I was a little scared cus it wasnt clean. There is a tie down holding the meat slicer together.  It was dirty with dry meat on it. I ordered the same thing both times. Chili Cheese fries and onion rings. The first time it was great. The second time. I got 4 onion rings for 3.79 . So 1.00 an onion ring lol. And the chili cheese fries werent good. 6.99 and it was half the size as the first time... I know the cook was telling the lady on the phone to the other sammys they needed onion rings and chicken fingers. But the worst part. I got the shits... I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO A PLACE I GET SICK.
At least the room was decent and clean, though the WiFi was slow.\n\nEverything is a huge walk. Our rooms were about 100 yards down the hallway, and ours wasn't the longest hallway. Walks were similarly long everywhere in the building. Think twice if you or somebody in your party has mobility issues.\n\nThe dining was a disappointment. Only the Studio Cafe was decent. Everywhere else had slow service, and the food was second-rate and overpriced.\n\nThe highlight of our trip was supposed to be seeing the Cirque de Soleil show, Ka. Instead, a bunch of obnoxious drunks ruined the night for everybody around them, including us. I don't think that this was a rare thing, either.  The casino was filled with people like them.
Are you kidding me?! This place has the most amazing lobster Mac n cheese IN THE WORLD. Honestly I don't think I've ever tasted anything, in my life, that tastes this good. It's just unbelievable. You cannot live one more day without trying this. Please go. I just want you to be happy so go eat the best Mac n cheese ever. PS- everything else is delish here too. Perfection- this place is perfection.
Mark and Chris are great human beings. I would let them babysit my unborn 3 year olds anyday!!!!
Me and my roommate are thrilled that we finally have an amazing sushi place in the area. Everything was so fresh! The tuna melted in my mouth, and thanks to their recommendation, Spanish mackerel is a new favorite! Service was friendly, and Leo was engaging in between sushi chef duties. Definitely trust him with chef's choice! It all takes me back to my visit to Japan. Will definitely be visiting again!!
We love to take our family here for a special breakfast out.  The food is fresh and what we would want to cook for ourselves.  Our kids love the crepes, french toast, pancakes, etc. just for them.  Great place for people who are picky or want the old standbys, as well as those who have a more adventurous breakfast spirit.  Every menu item we try has been good, every time.
Have always heard great things about this place. All of it was true. Great food and fast service. My waitress, Ashley, was easily one of the best waitresses I have ever had. I will be back often.
Heart attack grill offers a simple menu of burgers ranging from the Single Bypass Burger through the wheelchair-to-car-included Triple Bypass Burger and the unlisted Quadruple Bypass Burger.  In theory you could get your leftovers to go (and you will have leftovers) but in practice the staff recommends against this.  The single bypass burger is more burger than you care to eat.  Price is by burger size and includes lard-fried fries and a beer or soda, as well as taxes figured up front..  The burgers are tasty, with lots of fixings (onion, lettuce, tomoto, special sauce, bacon, ...) but if you come here for the food you're missing the point.\n\nWaitstaff are dressed in slinky nurse's outfits, the gimmick of this prototype of what will prove to be a successful franchise business.
The staff here is very nice.  I came to expect much less from Indian/Pakistani restaurants.  They understand the meaning of hospitality and the food is outstanding.  Try the Chicken or fish Tikka Marsala with garlic naan.
Had a bad experience here today. Our sushi rolls took nearly 40 minutes to come out - and we ordered sashimi. On top of this, there was an odd live musical performance of a young man playing the acoustic guitar, which seemed ill fitting for an Asian restaurant. Overall the food was above average, but the atmosphere was lacking. However, I have previously had a good experience here, so I will give Umai one more chance before discounting them completely.
Had dinner with my wonderful and handsome husband. Ordered yellow curry, beef satay and chicken mint noodles. Delicious food but their portion size is enough for 1 person. There were probably 7 small pieces of chicken in the curry and more potatoes. And they don't give refills for their Thai tea. Overall delicious but small portions and pricey. Very nice atmosphere.
Every time I go here, it's pretty empty and I love that.  I had their fancy Country Fried Steak & eggs and I've never been so excited in my whole damn stupid life because it was way better tasting than it looked, and it was a true work of art.  Don't go anywhere else, ever.
Meat trio lunch special...any time I'm in the area, i will be coming here to eat. Kefta, Gyro, and chicken schwarma were all juicy and absolutely delicious. Good portions too!  Flavors are amazing. Great job Good Fellas!
Great deli!  Love this place.  I always get the same thing. A freaking big pile of delicious smoked meat!  I go medium fat. Why not? That's where the flavour is. They get you in and out fast but I have never felt rushed. Just fast service.
Went to this place and got the all day pass for $30. Breakfast was pretty good. They had basic things that you would expect, eggs, bacon, waffles, french toast. We were too late for the omelet bar. \nDinner was a little disappointing. Not as many choices as some of the other buffets in the area. For the price though, you could not go wrong. $30 all you can eat for the day is great.
Greatest burgers in the world!! Not expensive either. I could eat eat here everyday!
I worked with the general manager, Liz, to get our large group of 15 ladies dinner with Craftsman, and it was wonderful. The food was tasty, our tables were in the middle of the restaurant, and our servers were kind and attentive. I will have to go back, it was great!
Beef Ribs. Beef Ribs. Beef Ribs. Those succulent, fall off the bone BBQ marinated goodness. There's seriously no reason not to get the beef ribs. This is exactly what they are known for and each bite will remind you of why they are given such high grandeur. Of course you should get some sides! Maybe a piece of cornbread and some good mac & cheese and don't forget to wash it down with some really good sweet tea. \n\nThis place is a gem you wouldn't have known Vegas would have but trust me, you'll enjoy every bite and glimmer.
This is my second time eating here. The first time was when I had jury duty and this time I got to enjoy myself with my wife. The chicken sandwich is just so freaking amazing. My wife said she loved the cubano very much and of course loved our beers on tap. Great place love the week days lunches.
A friend of my boyfriend recommended C-Fu Gourmet so we tried it on Xmas eve.  In spite of the fact that they were very busy, the food was still awesome!!!  The C-Fu Chicken and French Beef are incredible and the fried rice is the best in the valley!!  Oh, I forgot to mention the Coconut pudding and Snowballs...delish!  We went back the following week with friends...service and food were even better!!  This is our new Chinese restaurant!!!
A really busy happening place.  OMG i had the best chicken strips EVER here.  make sure you order them.  The fries that come with it too....... heaven.\n\nThe beer is good... I had 3 kinds.  But none of them truly wowed me... but they were all tasty.  I think I liked the oatmeal stout the best.\n\nEven with how busy it was, we found seats.  The bathroom was clean and there wasn't a line.\n\nA really awesome place and good vibe.  I'd go back.
Fast service, like the selection of smoothies. Clean place but music is way too loud!
Enjoyed the "Cooking Light" famed Kale salad with the seasonal fruit (pear)! It was crazy good...fresh baby kale with a touch of thick vinaigrette. Food was great but I did have one small problem. With all its great offerings and smell of pastries and coffee....The store front was hideous. I think it is the oldest shopping center in Anthem.
Love this place! Was so excited to see this pop up in the East Valley after years of making the trek to the west side. Friendly staff, amazing burgers, and an iconic wall of glass soda bottles. Try the California burger and the craft soda ginger beer!
Yum, Yum, Yum\nI was in Chicago two weeks ago and practically begged for an Italian beef sandwich 'cause we didn't have any here in Mesa.\nThey took me to Portillo's  and it was very good.\nGetting home, I got on line and found Yelp AND Italian beef AND Lobby's\nI went within a week and bombarded Lobby with questions (we Chicago-born are picky about our IBS's)  Said I did not want to eat it with a knife and fork and asked for Medium dip (his term HALF) and wanted lots of soft bell peppers and onions.\nThe fries were really good with the sauce that I could enjoy even on my arm but the sandwich AAAAH\nHalf dip was perfect, and I picked that sucker up and I'm sure my purring could be heard for miles !  He doesn't skimp on quantity of beef, or quality with no fatty strands to be found, and even if you ordered this dry with au jus on the side, it would be succulent.\nLobby smiled as I got up to leave and commented that I had eaten it all.\nWhat did he expect ? (and had he seen me digging for the little pieces of beef stuck to the wrapper) ?\nWe yakked about Chicago and his green walls came up with his explanation that it represented lettuce, the red the tomato etc and it was meant to be a hamburger simile.\nAnyone going to this IBS heaven and looking at the decor would get my Chicago Evil Eye : )
We finally caught up with Denise and Chad the other night for socializing outside of a Yelp event. :-)  After stopping into to Duckworth's for a bevvy, we went to Persis for dinner. (Good call Chad!!) I must admit, I was a little unsure of how we would like it because the reviews on Yelp were a bit mixed.  However, I was impressed with our overall experience.  Even though the restaurant was pretty busy when we arrived, we were seated immediately.  \n\nOur service started out a little slow because our waiter was brand-new and did not know the menu.  We had questions, and he had to go get the manager (or owner) to help us.  I did not catch the name of the  manager/owner but he was so helpful and patient with our questions.  He also told us detailed information about some of the dishes and explained some of the differences about the various regional cooking styles & history about how some of the dishes were developed. \n\nEveryone was hungry, so we decided to start with a couple of appetizers. We also ordered off the menu for our entrees - which was good because I am not a big fan of buffets. \n\nSamosa - Crispy pastry turnover, filled with potatoes, peas, spices and herbs Served with chutney-  5 stars.  This was one of the most delicious samosas I have eaten.  The inside was flavorful and the crispy pastry was perfectly cooked.  \n\nGobi 65 - Cauliflower marinated in Corn flour batter & spices, deep fried and tossed with yogurt and spices - 5 stars. Wow, I would have never ordered this if it had not been for the recommendation of the manager/owner.   But it was really delicious!\n\nNaan -  4.5 stars.  The naan was very fresh and tasty. \n\nChicken Tikka Masala - Cubes of chicken roasted in a tandoor clay oven cooked with mildly spiced tomato gravy and served with basmati rice -  3.5 stars.  While the dish was flavorful, it was not the very best Chicken Tikka Masala I have ever eaten.  I got a 3 out of 6 on the spicy scale and thought the spiciness was just about right. \n\nChicken Khorma - Pieces of chicken cooked in mildly spiced cream sauce with fresh cilantro (coriander) - 4.5 stars. \n\nUnfortunately, we didn't save room for dessert on this visit but they have some good selections on the menu.\n\nI thought the prices were very reasonable ($67 for 4 entrees, 2 appetizers, 2 orders of Naan, one coke, and one glass of Prosecco)  and the quality of the food was good.  I noticed that the majority of the other patrons during our visit were Indian, which I thought was a good sign.
Stood in front for 5 min nobody greeted me another 10-15 min sitting down nobody acknowledged my presence. I saw another table being waited on. Then my wife had to ask the bartender who was too busy flirting with other customers for a waitress.  Ooh and they don't serve after 10 pm which is displayed nowhere on the website. Worst service ever. I understand if the kitchen is closed but taking 20+minutes and no waitress visits my table is utterly ridiculous.
Let me first start out with my gripe and get it off my chest so I can move on with my life (just kidding, kinda). So I made reservations about 6 weeks prior to Bastille Day, for brunch, we had a group of 10, so I wanted to make sure I gave plenty of notice (I'm a planner). I arrive the day of, led out to the patio area, and the hostess says, I'm so sorry, I thought we had the table ready. So I'm led to another area of the patio and seated. It's July 11, and when I made the reservation, I wasn't anticipating sitting outside, so I didn't bother requesting inside. I see there are quite a few people outside, and they had fans going, so I decided to toughen up and enjoy it (I love outside dining, just not when it's 108 degrees out). As we are sitting there, the misters would shoot on for 2 seconds and shut off, I asked our waitress if there was any way they could leave them on, she said they "were working on it". As the table is sitting there, all of us are dressed up, we are all dripping with sweat and having a hard time enjoying ourselves. As we are leaving, the hostess apologizes for the heat and asked us "did your waitress tell you what happened" we said no, she said a customer had decided to try and redirect one of the misters directly on him and it broke the entire system, the hostess then followed it up with "your waitress should've offered to move you girls inside". Little late now. Also, I had a restaurant.com voucher that I attempted to use, if anyone is familiar with those, they are very specific on the voucher about day, times, etc about when you can use them. My voucher only stated not valid on alcohol. So, they would not accept my voucher because they said their system is only set up to accept the vouchers for dinner (does not state this anywhere) the mgr claimed he has been meaning to contact them to correct it. That's my rant. \n\nThe food. Our brunch was amazing. Every single dish. A few stand outs were, French Toast, Lobster Salad Croissant and of course the Croque Madame. The Creme Brûlée was delicious, I attempted to get the bread pudding, but they were out of vanilla ice cream, and the waitress tried talking me into subbing mango ice cream instead, which sounded terrible together. \n\nI enjoyed my food enough to overlook the service issues we had and to come back and dine again.
They were very nice at this location.  They were out of plain ice tea at 9pm, but offered to make more so my mom could have her tea.  The food was delicious and just what I expect from penn station :)
I am a huge ramen fan and ramen isshin is now definitely one of my favourite ramen spots. Soupy noodles cravings creep up on the weekly. \nCame here on a Thursday night and only had to wait 10 mins.\n\nThe miso ramen was delicious. Noodle consistency was perfectly chewy, pork was tender and I liked that it came with lots of bean sprouts (makes my meal feel healthy with more veggies haha) The portions are larger than other ramen places but the broth was flavourful but too salty to drink and that's why isshin lost a star for me. \n\nAlso, you're not cramped like sardines here. Personal space for the win isshin!
Great neighborhood pub. Nothing fancy. But usually a fun time for all. The old-fashioned barbecued chicken wings are to die for. Not to mention the great pad thai.
We came here for dinner right after watching a show at the theater. The place was packed and yet the atmosphere is such that you can still have a conversation without shouting. \nThe food is simply amazing. For starters we had some crispy delicious spring rolls, guy satai chicken skewers with curry and spicy dipping sauce. \nAnd for the main we had pad Thai with chicken or beef. The noodles were prefect, the dish had a fresh aroma that made it absolutely delightful. \nThe prices are so reasonable for a place downtown. We'd definitely go back.
Walking in reminds me of a 5 & Dinner which I enjoy! I figured the food wouldn't be homemade just by judgments on the old looks (although I liked the old look, I enjoyed it!) okay! So the food came out first the chili cheese fries  (I am a big fry lover) and they were fresh! Wonderful! And tasty! Loved it!! We both had an omelet with biscuits and gravy and the biscuits and gravy are AMAZING, OH SO AMAZING. Don't judge this place by its looks, sit down and taste the amazing food!
Great palce to come for Raw Oysters and a cold beer, especially on a Sunday for NFL games! The Clam bake is large and will surely satisify your craving for shell fish! \n\nLaid back atmosphere-- nothing too fancy, yet not a hole in the wall either.
Family owned and operating business - wonderful local Cambodian food.... As if you're in their home kitchen. Small restaurant, nice place for intimate settings. Prices are fair and great variety of cuisines!  Friendly service serving comfort food.
Superb Coffee shop. Very nice place, great bakery goods, excellent coffee, and also always has reliable wifi.
I must be the odd duck out when it comes to Double Zero. The pizza is good enough, but the menu is painfully limited when compared to my favorite pizza destination, Pulcinella. Their antipasto plate is tasty, but again, doesn't come close to comparing with that provided by Pulcinella--for the same price, I might add.\nThe space is large and casual, but this is one of the reasons sound travels so well. If you're looking for a jumping hot spot for a pricey slice whilst hanging out downtown with friends, this is the place. But if you're looking for something a bit more intimate--where you don't have to shout to be heard--look elsewhere. Good pizza, good service, but there's better out there for sure.
After being completely clueless about where to go for lunch, my mother and I wound up at Gali's. I was impressed from the moment I walked in, as this was the first time I had ever been in a sit-down Greek restaurant. Their gyro special includes French fries, soup, or salad along with your gyro and drink for 10$. I had the special, with wedding soup, and my mom had a salad. The soup was great, as was the gyro. The place got busy just after we got in, too, which shows how much business the place gets and deserves. The food, service, and atmosphere were all wonderful, and I would happily recommend this place to anyone and I hope to be back soon myself.
Best gyros ever! That is all........
Cam to eat here due to the reviews. They are GREAT here!! The service was fenomenal and the food was delicious. There was a delay with my food and they took great care of me. The server and the manager were very apologetic and went out of their way to make things right. 5 stars!!!
The pizza was much better than I expected but not on par with Italian or mom n pop pizza joints.  Beats Pizza Hut and Domino's for sure.  \n\nThey don't have the game selection of Dave & Busters but they have skee ball and that suits me just fine.  I don't have kids so this isn't a place I'd come to a lot but it seems like a good place for a night out with the family if you have one.  Enjoy a pie and let your kids have a good time.
Had the Paneer masala and garlic naan, both were excellent. I think the buffet would be the best bang for your buck.
The Best Philly Cheesteak in Vegas. Might be a little pricier than usual but its all worth it. Staffed by a couple of sweet people. Highly recommended.
Food is good but no military discount!! You can have the same thing at Mod Pizza less than a mile away and get 20% discount.
Someone mentioned that Monsoon Siam was doing a fundraiser for a local elementary school so we decided to order delivery from them. I ordered at 5, and my delivery time was for 5:47. I thought it would be perfect since my son eats at 6 and it will be perfect timing. By 6, there was no delivery, so I called and it went straight to a full voicemail box. I then made my son some food hoping that it would still come. By 6:50 I contacted EatStreet who called the restaurant who ensured me that the food was on its way. By 7:40 still nothing, I called and they ensured me it was on the way. At 8:15 I finally called to see I should give up on the order and the woman informed me that it was labeled as a pick up and was sitting there. I ended up cancelling as I was annoyed that my food was sitting there close to 3 hours. \nThey're obviously busy today with the fundraiser, and I wanted to do my part as well. But the lack of communication was pretty horrible.
Great location. Good food.  TERRIBLE service.  Been here twice and both times staff standing around and  nobody being helped.  Sat for 8 min without anyone coming to table    Ordered beer that came from back even though sitting 3 ft from bar with bartender doing nothing.  App came same time as food.   28 minutes to get an app!  Seriously.  Also, they don't serve fries.  They have homemade tots which were interesting but undone.
This was a great find here in Montreal. The atmosphere was very relaxed and the wait staff was super friendly and accommodating. The food was plentiful and very delicious. The restaurant has varied seating options to suit your preference (indoor, courtyard or outdoor). Highly recommend this place if you are in Old Town Montreal.
After twenty years of study, this place has the best dining in Madison. I had the Kansas Strip, and my wife had a filet. Both were done to perfection. Salids were fantastic. And don't forget, you must have the hashbrowns. I want to go back for more.
Very tasty! Good cost benefit. Nice service. I've been a couple of times and tried 4 different dishes, we liked all very much. The tamarind curry was my favorite although the egg noodle curry special was great as well! Looking forward to the next visit!\n\nI have to edit this comment to say that the service can be bad and that the hostess is not good. Beware.
On the plus side, it has a good location. But for my money, the minuses far outweigh that. I was really looking forward to my stay thinking I was going to a top notch classy hotel. I was so disappointed! The check-in took awhile, but the young man who took care of us was excellent. From there, our experience went downhill. The room was average - not particularly spacious with two queen beds a couple of chairs, a desk and a dresser. There was a layer of dust on the windowsill that we noticed when we went to draw the blinds that made us seriously wonder about just how clean the room actually was. The bathroom also was only average. Once outside of the room, everything screamed young and able-bodied only! There is no seating provided anywhere other than in restaurants or at slot machines and gaming tables. The Starbucks didn't even provide seating. We checked our bags on our last day and had to wait for our bags when we went to pick them up. When we asked where we could sit while waiting, we were told that no seating was provided for that either! No seating at the taxi stands, no seating at the long, long, long walks to get anywhere. The only seating in the shopping area is in the food court. The pool complex is lovely, but is about a 1/2 mile walk from the Grand Tower rooms. And the children - OMG, there were so many children all hyped up and running wild. When we were returning to our room one evening, I didn't hear two children running up behind me. They had their hands out in front and shoved me out of the way yelling "excuse me" as they raced past! The food court and shopping areas are overrun with ill behaved rowdy children running amok! Other than the delightful young man at the front desk, the rest of the staff was unpleasant and often one step from hostile. In short, this hotel is far less than it is cracked up to be. You can do much better and at a lesser price!
Always friendly, Call ahead and they've got it waiting.  I wish they could just know by my # what I always order.
Having been born in Tanzania and being of Indian heritage, I decided to get together with some other Indian friends from similar backgrounds to take a walk down nostalgia lane.\nThe good times stopped there.\nThis little restaurant owned by a man named Sultan, who seems to rely exclusively on people's yearning for the good old days to over look the awful service (I had to get up 4 times from our table to help myself to drinks and cutlery) and the awful food.\nThe type of food has been described well by Deanna W. in an earlier review.  On this visit, we found the food to be Mishkaki (Kebobs on skewers) to be dry and none too fresh.\nWe also ordered Ugali (a traditional East African staple) which has the consistency of mashed potatoes.  The Ugali was nothing like I remember it and the red bean soup which is a traditional counterpart to the Ugali seemed to have been recently pulled out of the fridge and micro-waved into life.\nSimilarly, the mogo (or cassava) was lacking in taste and crispness which it should have had.\nNone of the five of us enjoyed our meal and left as soon as was civilly possible to find another restaurant to fill our bellies and lift our disappointed spirits.
These are hands down the best bagels in Madison.  I'm from the east coast and I am spoiled on good NY style bagels.  Trust me, Einstein and Bagels Forever are not good bagels.  This place has a wonderful selection, the bagels are made right and very tasty.  My personal favorites are the sesame, onion, garlic and egg bagels.  I usually get a bagel and cream cheese  but i've tried a few of their other savory sandwiches like the egg breakfast bagel and the chicken salad sandwich which were wonderful as well.  My rating on the service here is that it is pretty standard.  The staff are generally friendly and the food is prepared quickly.  I recommend this place for a good bagel.
While it's the same experience at any Outback you go to across the country, the Gastonia location is always packed out. It's not located in the most popular area of town (past the mall), but it still manages to get oodles & oodles of people every night.\n\nGastonia is a franchise lovin' city, so you would expect this place to be busy, but not like it always is. The parking lot is always packed so you need to get here out of a peak hour time to grab a seat pretty quickly. If you do this, then you can get seated for a great meal without having to wait too long.\n\nThe food here is pretty good & you'll pay a hefty price for everything. I like the salmon, but everything I've had here has been good. They also have a take out service so you can eat some Outback in the comfort of your own home.\n\nOutback is really a good place to eat if you're looking for a hearty meal full of meat, especially red meat. It is pricey though so I wouldn't suggest going here too often. But remember that this location is always packed, so try & miss the peak dinner hour when you visit.
Love the artwork in this place! \nLove the Lychee martinis even more!!!! Haha! Omg I just love them! \nThe rad nar was very good and so was that grilled squid! I liked the pad Thai but I've had better..... my bf said their noodles were too slippery and not normal noodles lol. They were ok. Just not the type of noodles were used to. The prices are perfect. Well worth visiting. Can't wait to try some other dishes next time!!!!
I've ordered from here for close to 4 years and up until today the food and customer service has been exceptional. \n\nI usually order between $15 and $25 for one order. Today I was buying food for my family to be delivered and spent about double that. For $50 including tip, I expect good food and the same level of customer service I would get as if I was sitting in the restaurant. \n\nI ordered the beef and meatball soup with large flat noodles like I always do. And like always I ask that they exclude the beef syrups and instead add more meatballs. It's never been a problem until today. \n\nWhen my order arrived I got two orders of half meatball soups with some type of noodle I didn't ask for. When I called to confirm, I was given the run around and asked that the owner or manager call me back. I was told that the order was a mistake by the girl on the phone but I shouldve only paid $5 per order of soup because it was minus the beef strips. Wrong. I was charged full price. \n\nWhen I relayed these issues to the owner I was courteous and let him know that the food was always good but that my order wasn't how I normally receive it. He informed me that I had been wrong for close to four years and that they had been screwing up orders for that amount of time as they price is the same whether I order with or without beef strips. \n\nOdd that all of a sudden when I have an issue has everything been wrong all these years. \n\nCustomer service was lacking and so shall my business. \n\nI shouldve ordered the pizza instead.
tldr: Social staff and repeat clientele. Food is above average for a brunch place. Mussels are to-die-for.\n\nThe Real Mo-Mo's is a great brunch/lunch/dinner shop with great drinks and mussels. Let's focus on the mussels. The mussels are in a nice tart broth. The broth does not overpower the mussels. Combine that with the fries and you get a meal comparable to the best mussels places in Belgium (OG home of mussel pots).
Came here for their combination pho and shrimp spring rolls.\nI added bok choy and mushroom to my combination pho. The amount of bok choy and mushroom I got in my pho was not as generous as the other pho places. Well, they are only $1 each so I should've double ordered them. But it's nice they have so many kinds of add-on stuff (extras) for your pho and they are all reasonably priced. \nThey put a lot of fatty meat in my pho... Probably that was the fattiest meat I got from any pho places I've been to. The broth was rich and tasty though.\nShrimp spring rolls were OK. I think I like Kim Long ones better.\nGosh, they have a lot of take out business!! I was only here for 30 min and I saw at least 5 people came in for take out. They even have Thai curries and Chinese fried rice on their menu!! Maybe that's why they have so much take out business.\nThe service was nice and quick. Right next door to 7-Eleven on Blue diamond and Cimarron.
Great food, and great service.  I had the cheese empanadas and the Reina arepa.  Delicious!  I will definitely be back! Especially since they are closer to my side of town.  I loved that it is a family owned and operated place and they definitely are friendly and helpful.
A buddy and I were driving through Scottsdale after the usual Sunday morning hike and were originally planning on stopping at Papago but found we were an hour too early. We were driving down Scottsdale Rd and ran into Fate. They have an excellent assortment of house beers and guest beers from breweries ranging from California to Michigan. My personal favorite is their Fate-ality IPA, whose hoppy strength rivals that of the SD IPAs I've been accustomed to. Their pita & hummus dish is also a pretty good pairing with a beer flight. \n\nSo aside from the beer, food and location, the reason for 5 stars? MUSIC CHOICE! They had reggae playing the entire time which is a rare experience at an AZ brewery! Had me feeling totally at home being from So Cal. I can't wait to return and try more of their beer in such a nice ambience!
Well worth the visit and price (especially with the current exchange rate!), this place serves up carefully constructed waffles with savoury and sweet toppings. You can also build your own and pay a set amount for each topping you choose, but we decided on the Italian savoury waffle and a Brussels waffle dipped in Belgian chocolate.\n\n++\nItalian: cherry tomatoes, mozzarella, basil, and prosciutto on a sizeable rectangular liege waffle. The waffle was more crumbly than chewy, and definitely more delicate than expected. The balsamic type of dressing worked, and the whole thing was made with careful attention to detail. \n\nBrussels waffle dipped in Belgian chocolate: this waffle was different to liege waffle in size, shape, texture, and flavour, and was certainly more chewy as well. It was piping hot, and a perfect complement to the savoury goodness that was the savoury waffle.\n\nService was quick, friendly, and overall drama free, and the ambience was light and casual. \n\n- -\nPlenty of seating both inside and on the outdoor patio, but beware the sluggish wifi on the patio - we eventually had to move inside, although I still couldn't connect to wifi anyway\n\nI'd definitely go back.
What a fantastic little spot this is.\n\nFinally had a chance to walk down Market Street and was surprised to find all these great food options condensed in St. Lawrence. I gravitated towards Evolution because I'm always looking to eat healthy, and I'm mental for smoothies.\n\nI had been a few times and just grabbed beverages -- including an insanely good peanut butter blend, as well as the flavourful Antioxidant Blast (black, blue, rasp, and straw-berries). It wasn't until recently I tried the Cabo Cobb and now I'm totally hooked. I enjoyed it very much, and the added chicken was so fresh it melted in my mouth. Can't wait to go back and try some other dishes and combinations.\n\nMarket Street is a great atmosphere for their patio. It's a relatively quiet street sparse of traffic, so I imagine sitting out there on a sunny day would be fantastic. I find the staff friendly and efficient, and the restaurant itself looks great. Good menu design as well.\n\nAnother awesome (healthy) food option in my neighbourhood!
Love this place, especially their posole (red, with pork!). Most of the food is spicy, but it's all delicious!
C'est Bon, I wanted to like you, I really did but you had to go and break my heart ...\n\nThe food here really surprised me. But it wasn't the food that will prevent me from ever returning, its the recent experience.\n\nI have been here twice, the first time we had amazing service from a very nice guy, he was very friendly and talkative. That would have been my first visit and I found C'est Bon from their coupon in the entertainment book. Which was for a free entree, I made sure before ordering that if I ordered rice that it would not be the free entree as rice is just a side if you ask me. The waiter insured us that they will remove the middle entree, which sure enough they did. \n\nSo we decided to go back after a couple weeks and there was different people working, a woman who I assume may have been the owner and a guy. The woman seemed to be ignoring people and eventually just disappeared and left altogether.\n\nAnyway, we had another coupon, ordered the exact same food and when the bill came, the rice was the one that was removed.. \n\nThen we were told that's the way it is etc etc, basically he was trying to tell us that we were liars. That's a good way to keep customers from returning, the right thing would have been to fix it but he was very rude about the whole thing. Why be surprised when you don't get a tip is beyond me.\n\nBased on this experience, I don't care how amazing the food is or isn't , I will never go back.
The greek salad is where it's at. The concept is so simple, it's mostly iceberg - nono...it's mostly feta, tomatoes, red onion, with some sort of citrus or vinegar note to the salad. It's hard to replicate - believe me, I've tried, and that's why there's no way I'm not having any greek salad when I come here.  \n\nThe lamb souvlaki special is one of my favourite dishes! a large portion of skewered meat - grilled to my liking. I like the lamb medium rare- it's tender, perfectly chard and so flavourful! Comes with large portion of aforementioned salad - and pita or rice. Pork and chicken options available too. I know they also have it as a dinner option with is slightly more - but comes in addition with a side of roasted potatoes, and garlic bread. \n\nPizza is also pretty tasty here. Hunter's deluxe features  peppers, onions, bacon, and other goodness -all on a delicious crust  that reminds me of pizza hut crust- but with WAYYYY less grease. Ask for it to be well done though - Sometimes the pizza base can't hold all the goodness of the toppings. \n\nThere's take out service which is pretty reliable.  \nDOO IT!\n\nPrices are very reasonable for what you get. I think all the souvlaki specials come in to about $9-13. The dinners usually cost a couple of dollars more maybe closer to 15$ but it's reasonable for the amount and the quality of food!
Good boba spot but so over priced.   Plus they limited their sizes to large and super sized. I don't need a large and my 8 year old definitely doesn't need a large.  It cost us over 20 dollars for three drinks!!! That's more than when I go to Starbucks!!! Bring back smaller sizes and it would be nice if it didn't cost an arm and a leg. Just saying.
Whenever I'm in Vegas, I always make at least one trip here for lunch; I love their 3 courses pre-fixes lunch menu, ranging from 19.95 to 24.95.  Meal is served on the personalized china from Germany specially made for the restaurant.  The food was nicely prepared, but I wish the service could be better though.  For the décor, the ambiance and the price, you really can't find anywhere else better to have lunch in Vegas.  I don't recommend the dinner pre-fixes though, since they are usually the same thing at lunch for half of the price.  Their restroom is really cute, like many commented, it's probably one of the best you'll find anywhere!
Great service and meal - we wernt sure on what wine we wanted and the waiter brought multiple samples to help decide.\n\nAll the dishes were delicious - the blood pasta DID taste a little like chinese take out ( ground meat and hot chillis )
Flat soda, stale chips, rude servers, small portions, old beans, crappy fast food Mexican. This place has really gone down hill.
We happened upon this place on a trip to Montreal and it was fantastic. The food and service were both wonderful. We'll definitely be back the next time we visit Montreal!
Tiny little place but the burger was awesome! Friendly cashiers and the peach lemonade was heavenly. Will definitely try the milkshakes next time!
What a hidden (almost literally) find! GO INSIDE the Monogram Salon Studios!!!\n\nWhile driving back to LA from the Grand Canyon my wife and I hit up Yelp to find a tasty lunch spot. After circling the build two times we decide to go inside and ask if anyone knows of Sammiches. There they are right inside.\n\nWhat amazing food! Coming from LA tasty food is hard to find and when you do you can really pay for it, not at Sammiches. Great food, great prices, and great conversation with the owner.\n\nIf we ever find ourselves in Phoenix again we'll definitely be back.
Words cannot express how amazing the food is here...I have made this my go to place for breakfast/lunch...Everything is flavorful, fresh, and mouthwatering.  I am very picky when it comes to my Cuban sandwiches...due to the pork...but Worth Takeaway...has NAILED this sandwich...and I got it on the bed of greens w/sweet potatoes...and it is still a hit...The veggie hash is to die for...This is a hidden gem...Everyone is super friendly...and the wait time is so minimal...This is more than a sandwich shop...it is EPIC!!!
this has to be the WORST trop location, i love trop,i have been to this location at least 5 times in hopes it would get better, because it is right by my work, but nope every time i got i get a sandwich and a smoothie and the smoothie is beyond watery and my sandwich has never had everything on it!!! they ALWAYS miss something and the veggies and fruits taste so old!!!!! one time the only thing on my sandwich was literally just sandwich meat and bread LOL WRONG!!!! and on top of it their customer service is beyond horrible i wish i could rate this 0 stars but NOPE I WILL NOT RETURN TO THIS TROPICAL SMOOTHIE LOCATION, I WILL TAKE EXTRA TIME AND DRIVE OUT OF MY WAY TO GO TO A DIFFERENT ONE!1
Just went to this place last night.  This place is understaffed, the service is horrible and they were out of everything we wanted.  After finnally getting our food it was just ok.  I was hoping that the food would make up for the lousy service and atmosphere but i was disappointed.  Will not be going back and i do not recommend.
So sad that the community can't support this fantastic family business year round. Can't wait until they reopen in the spring!
Came here for lunch around 3 and there was no wait. The waitress came right away and gave us water. We ordered the Gordon Ramsey burger and the burger with Carmelized onions and arugula. The burger was small but cooked to a perfect medium rare.\n\nI enjoyed both burgers but like the onion one more because it was sweet and savory. The arugula also cut through the heaviness to offer a more balanced and refreshing flavor. We also ordered the truffle fries the aioli is bomb! We ate the fries until the sauce was gone.  \n \nI don't know if I will come back anytime soon because there are too many places to explore. However I would definitely recommend it to burger lovers but tell them not to have too high of expectations.
Well, I will hand them this...they've got balls.  BIG balls...well, ok, not all THAT big. If you listened to the foodie social pages, they'd say they had the biggest balls of all.\n\nBut the balls I paid $16 to put in my mouth were NOT all that big.\n\nLast year at this time, I wanted to treat my co-worker to dinner for her birthday, and we ended up at Mahoney's, where the server left part of poor Rachel laying on the floor until we left. This year, I left the choice up to my co-worker, and she wanted the balls. So off we went to Sienna Mercato after work.\n\nAtmosphere, atmosphere, atmosphere...\n\nOk, so enough of the silliness. We both ordered the saucy balls, not to be confused with the Schwetty Balls, which consisted of four balls of choice over a bed of your choice. My co-worker had been here previously, and had tried the beefy balls, and found them to be tough, and she had tried the pork balls and liked them. So we both ordered the spicy pork balls, served on a bed of mac n cheese, hers with creamy Parmesan, and mine with 'Government' cheese. I don't recall what 'sauce' she ordered to top her balls, but I chose the mushroom gravy.\n\nGleefully, they are Coke people, so we both ordered Diet Cokes. The sodas arrived, and we both sipped at about the same time, and both of us developed the same look on our faces. This was regular coke, not diet. The server was very pleasant, and made the switch. Ahhhhhh, that was better. \n\nOh look...six TV's with sports coverage...now there's something different.\n\nThe female service staff all looked very clean cut. The male service staff...well...kinda looked liked they'd just crawled out of bed, and dressed from the hamper. Just sayin'...\n\nAfter about fifteen minutes of small talk and soda sipping...our bowls of balls were placed before us.\n\nNow, just to give you a hint about how big the balls are...in almost all of the photos that have been posted, you will see what looks like a wooden skewer impaled into a meatball on the plate. Items in mirror may appear larger than they do in real life. This is not a skewer, but is actually a wooden sandwich pick with a bead on it. Now that you have an actual scale to think of, that ball doesn't look so big now, does it? And...they're not.\n\nAre they tasty? Yes. Are they phenomenally spectabulous, take your breath away, freakin' magnificent like the balls your Italian Nana cooked up with her famous gravy? Um...they're about the same...except Nana had bigger balls, and really WANTED you to mangia all of them. We had four. On top of a spoonful of mac n cheese seasoned with (as far as my tongue would guess) Old Bay seasoning.\n\nThe mushroom gravy was brown...and at one point when the server came by I asked her if the mushroom gravy was supposed to have mushrooms in it. She said yes, and that it did. But she 'believed' they were pureed. Hmmmmm. Good cover for no chunks.\n\nNow, according to the latest price index, ground pork currently stands around $2.50 per pound. That's NOT allowing for a bulk discount usually afforded to a restaurant purchaser. These four balls certainly were not a full pound, and I'm pretty darned sure that in usual meatball style, they were cut with some bread crumbs, bound with an egg, and with a pinch of seasoning added. Your average box of mac n cheese, which will serve four according to the box, starts around fifty cents. Gravy - milk, flour, some pork fat, already made with the baking of the balls, a few pinches of seasoning. Per person, maybe a buck max. \n\nSo, two portions of this, eight balls, two scoops of mac n cheese, with two Diet Sodas, no sides or bread or anything, and the total bill came to $36.38 before tip.\n\nSo...once again, in da burgh...I bought a big ol' heaping plate of atmosphere, drastically upcharged by a greed mongering dahntahn landlord, whom, like most other Pittsburgh land owners, believes that their property values are on the same par as a real city like NYC, Chicago, or San Fran, and that forcing a business to overcharge so that they came make bills and RENT, is a-ok.\n\nThey tasted good. They tasted like meatballs made of pork. No better or worse than anywhere else. Mac n cheese is mac n cheese. Were eight meatballs, two serving spoons of mac n cheese and two soft drinks worth over $40 in the end?\n\nNana? Is your gravy ready yet? I'm hungry...and broke.
Best pho in Mississauga! I've been to at least 20 different Vietnamese noodle soup restaurants in the GTA and this one takes the cake, or should I say takes the pho! \n\nRich and flavourful broth, noodles cooked to perfection, and the meat! The quality of the meat is really good and the portion size is ridiculous, I mean pho hung must be losing money all the meat they put into there pho.\n\nMay I also suggest the deep friend spring rolls or the cold spring rolls if you're on a health kick. \n\n\nEnjoy!
FANTASTIC!\n\nI don't know which was better the food or the service!\n\nThe chips were homemade, and delicious.  They give you two different kinds of salsa and some beans for dipping.\n\nI had one of the more non-traditional dishes which was the Ricardo's Pollo dish - it was recommended by our server and my stomach thanks you!
Delicious food !!! A large menu with a wide selection and a very friendly owner. There is a room at the front with a pool table that you can eat in and it is kind of like your own personal room which is nice. The service is always fast and friendly. Apparently this place is haunted too.
So awesome. Much hipster. I have been here multiple times over the last few months in Charlotte and I've practically tried everything on the menu. Love the fire and brimstone burger - best veggie burger ever. I also enjoy the pad Thai, rawco taco salad and the lunasagna  :) \nTry the juices and breakfast chia puddings as well!
I was expecting some really good country food. Not! The biscuits were cold, tasted like salty raw pancake batter with the added bonus of rock hard butter they give you. The corn bread was disgusting! The portions were teeny tiny. The fried chicken tasted bland with a weird after taste. I will never come back to this Cracker Barrel again.
The service is horrible. I'm pretty sure the waiter is on some kind of drugs. The food is 3 stars. The view is beautiful. The service is horrible.
I came here for beakfast and the food was great! I recommend the "Portici Delight" which is, two eggs sunny-side-up, bacon or italian sasuage, breakfast potatoes and toasted baguette served with fruit salad.
I love this place! I come here at least once a week!  I would really like to give a shout put to Maryiam (I hope I spelled her name right)  .. Everything I come in she is here.  She is always working hard and keeping customers happy!!  Every time I come in I can see other workers relying on her..  I see see she has a strong personality and keeps the food line together!  Good job!  And thanks for the great service Maryiam!!!  :)
This is another place I've been eating at since High School, and it's always clean. With that said, Nak Won is great for some good comfort food. What I like the best about this place is their appetizer salad that they serve you before any dish you order. I'd really like to know the secret to their dressing, in fact I'd probably order a whole dish of their salad if I could because it's soo YUMMY! Mmmmm~~~
Quality and environment is quite nice. They have unique and tasty items that we ordered such as the tapioca durian puff pastry (see picture), the almond mousse pastry, imitation shark fin and black fish egg shumai, herb black chicken, ????? (sp?) this crabmeat egg white dumpling... \n\nIt's $1.30 tea per person during morning special, which is a tad higher than other places. $2.80  for L, M and S during morning special as well. So try to come before 11am! It's based on when you submit your order.
I have visited Sammy's locations in California and Arizona. I am not sure if I forget that it was just okay or if there is a lingering hope that I will have a meal that changes my mind. But, alas, I had the same experience at the Henderson location. It was simply okay - a little bland, nothing special.\n\nMy husband had a pizza and the amount of grease on it and the plate beneath it was simply astounding. Now he eats a lot of crap and thinks that greasy is good so when he started soaking up the grease with a napkin, I knew there was a problem. \n\nI had a Chopped Chicken Salad. The chicken was lacking flavor and the olives were so pickled that they made it difficult to taste much else. The other items on the salad - lettuce, tomato, mozzarella - did nothing to make up for the mediocre chicken. \n\nWe also shared the Garlic Cheese Bread. The seasoning was odd and uneven. So, some pieces tasted really nice and then other pieces left a bad taste in your mouth.\n\nOn the bright side, the waitress was attentive if just a little stand-offish. \n\nI am glad that we decided to visit Sammy's when we had a coupon for a free entrée. Even with the discount, the food was overpriced. So, unless you are just visiting Sammy's for the Messy Sundae, find another pizza joint.
Great pizza. Great service. \nTried this location for the lunch buffet, delicious.
Easily my favorite Mexican restaurant in Calgary! The tacos are STELLAR, the service is great, and the salsa de molojete is absolutely fantastic! My fiance and I are huge fans and we go pretty frequently. As for their drinks - I love the paloma, and the classic margarita is perfect as well.\n\nService can be a tad slow, but never slow enough that it's a problem. And we've always have had friendly servers. It gives you a chance to sip your margaritas, relax and chat with your dinner companions. \n\nGreat ambiance, food, drinks and pretty good service!
One negative was that we were sitting under the cooling vents and were uncomfortable.  We mentioned it to our wait person and she said that is just the way it work.\n\nThe food was very good and the service was a little less.  Overall it was a nice experience.  We will be back but not take the booth in the back.
Ever had one of those things that you haven't had in a long, long time & you think, I sure hope this is as good as I remember it being. Well, thank you, Fired Pie - you came through once again. An amazing salad with fresh, flavorful ingredients (I love that I can create my own vegetarian salad - from the variety of greens and cheeses to toppings like cranberries and walnuts), exceptional quality and value, and fast, friendly service.
The best Sicilian Pizza in Pittsburgh !! Staff is always nice and food is always fresh and GOOD!
For the past 4 days at Vegas trying some local restaurants, nothing beats this. Compared to the views I think the food is wonderful. The sushi rolls are nice and had no problems but the lobster, it is worth the 38$. The sauce was not overwhelming and the taste was perfect. The server my husband and I had (Jason)was very helpful and kind. We came at a time where there were a few people. The chocolate creme brulee was great along with the vanilla and coconut one too. The chocolate margarita was pretty strong but has a kick. \n\nJust because some people said it is not worth it, is up to you to try it out. The price may seem overwhelming but it is Vegas. Enjoy while you can.
Came today for lunch for the first time. I honestly was very surprised by how delicious my food was. I ordered the wild mushroom soup and when I sipped my first spoonful my eyes widened.  The dish was the best clear broth mushroom soup I have ever had and  67 years old. My grilled cheese was excellent.y 3 friends also had great reviews of their food. I will be back
You can never go wrong with a Snooze breakfast! Unless half your breakfast doesn't show up until everyone you're spending your Sunday Brunch with is done eating! Only saw our waitress when she took our order. I understand it's busy but when we asked about the rest of the order she's says "oh yeah". Doesn't apologize. Doesn't even try to speed up getting the order out. It was one pancake. Nothing special, just one. \nFour stars are definitely for the food only. Customer service was a solid 1.5 stars.
I know you want me to say it, so here goes. Let me just say this place is pretty Pho King good. Now that the obligatory pun has been uttered, it's time to get down to business. \n\nPho King is the new Vietnamese restaurant in the south side of town, located on the treacherously congested Eastern Ave. It's a small shop with a simple modern flair, topped with a nice little glass pane waterfall at the entrance.\n\nThe menu is simple compared to a lot of other pho shops. There are only 5 choices of pho. I opted to create my own bowl and I was allowed to choose three types of meat. I chose the brisket, tendon, and flank. Don't worry, though. If you don't want pho, there are other options on the menu like appetizers, vermicelli, and rice dishes. You know, the standards. \n\nFor the $9.25 price tag, you'd think you wouldn't be getting your money's worth considering all the cheaper options around town, but the bowl they serve you with is pretty large. Well worth the price. They provide plenty of noodles, meats, and garnish. Although I do wish they put more onions into the mixture.\n\nThe flavor of the broth was flavorful, and the noodles were cooked just right. I was surprisingly pleased. For a restaurant that has a funny name, their food is no joke.
You often hear that some of the best places to get food, are those non-descript "hole-in-the-wall's".  Well this has never been more true than with Gandhi Cuisine.  They make their own roti shells in-house.  Ingredients, spices, etc, are always fresh, and you get a LOT of food for what you pay for (You can easily split a roti into two meals, unless you're a serious eater!).\n\nOnly flaw with this great place, and why I deducted a star, is that there is no consistency when it comes to spicy heat.  I used to always order "Medium", which is normally just fine... however sometimes the medium will be WAY too hot.  I'm talking nose running, eye watering HOT.  In which case I usually add yogurt to the roti to cool things down.\nI've resorted to always ordering the mild and adding my own heat.  Not really an issue as they're still delicious!  For lovers of heat...or those who like a challenge, go right on ahead and order the HOT.  Which roti you decide on is entirely up to you...there are no wrong choices here!
I come here about twice maybe three times a month.  Always good service and even better food! The Mongolian beef is the BEST! I highly recommend this particular p.f. Chang's! Ohooo and they have a great happy hour!!!
A disappointing lunch, but eatable. Also enjoyed people watching as they walked by the Harbourfront. Would have rather ate somewhere else. Don't think I'll ever come here again.
Lots of beer selection and decent food. I had the bison meatloaf and it was probably the best meatloaf I have ever eaten. My husband had the bison burger and my friend had the bison pizza. They were both very satisfied with their meals. The only criticism I have is that my food was lukewarm when it came out, but it was still very tasty. We also loved the atmosphere. W will definitely come back again.
We visit weekly.  Food: Excellent.  Specials:  Excellent.  Nice patio. Did i mention Food:  Excellent?  Cool atmosphere.  Parking is never a problem.  Must be Excellent for families - there are a lot of them. Best server is Kasey.
I come here often, it's my default drive thru. For those that are broke, you can still fill up for a couple of bucks. Chicken sandwich and two tacos, I think that hits all food groups.\nFor the true gourmet, the monster taco and jumbo Jack is an American treasure.\nDr.pepper here is always a tasty beverage. \nIf you need a quick breakfast, the breakfast combo will get you through till dinner time.\nActually, they are close, and servers friendliest in the biz.
The food here is incredibly awesome! I ordered the South Mountain Burrito. I can't begin to tell you how delicious it was. My taste buds were in heaven!  I will also say that my biggest pet peeve is having your food arrive cold. NOT the case here. My burrito arrived literally hot off the grill just the way I like it. You gotta come here. I assure you that you will not regret it!! Bring the whole family!! Enjoy!!
I rarely write a bad review unless it's absolutely warranted and this place deserves zero stars. My order took an hour and a half (!) to get to us and, as you would expect for food made an hour ago, it was all cold. I called before our food showed up and a girl answered, she couldn't have been bothered any less about my order, and she rudely and hurriedly told me if the food wasn't there in five minutes she would then be able to help and HUNG UP on me. \n\nAs for the food it was horrible. The pizza looked like it stayed out a bit after being made and the cheese looked old. It also had no flavor, how can a pizza have no flavor?! The sandwhich bread was soggy. The "breadsticks" are a far cry from being a breadstick, they looked more like a thick tortilla cut into strips with no flavor at all. It was like eating absent matter, it exists yet it doesn't. Water tastes better and is more filling than these "bread matter strips". The only slight saving grace were the buffalo wings and those still were not good.\n\nI feel for the owners of this restaurant, they are going to go under -- fast. Horrible food and horrible customer service. Never again.
I was there for the "lunch" provided as part of the annual Montour Trail bike ride. I had been  on this ride maybe ~5 years ago and remembered the food at the end as being if not the highlight of the event, definitely something to look forward to. I understand that this time the organizers catered the food themselves, and not the restaurant. It's a shame; it could have been better had the restaurant done it.\n\nIt's just the right venue for this event's finale and doing it right would have really made the ride experience memorable. Let's hope they all manage to sort things out for next year.\n\n[NOTE: This review was edited to reflect clarifying information provided by the owner.]
The food was amazingly fresh and good ! Prices are awesome & customer services is through the roof ! If you're in to diner style eateries, this is definitely the place to go !
Their salads are fantastic.  Same Greek salad served in the Northside Cafe.  Really fresh and yummy.  Grab and go. \n\nGood coffee too.  I just order a black medium roast.\n\nLove it!
Pretty good stopped in visiting from out of state. Got their signature lobster roll dish with chips. Definitely an east coast fav for me. Came in pretty late so I expected that I might get hurried out but not the case. Food was brought out very fast and staff was extremely pleasant. I savoured that meal for all it was worth and crave it now that I'm back home
This place is fantastic! It's beautiful inside and the food was fantastic!! The waitress and hostess were so nice as well! I would definitely go there again!
This was my go to store for a long time. Probably been coming to this location on and off for 19yrs. The employees here have always been helpful and ive never not been able to find what it is iam looking for. \n\nI dont understand all the bad reviws for this Fry's. Yeah its not the cleanest store and yeah they may run out out certain items. But this is not Scotsdale its in a working class part of town. Most people who shop here like myself are hourly wage laborer's and middle to to lower middle class wage earners. Its a comfortable and friendly grocery store. And yes you may see some people struggling with dissabilities or older folks trying to manuver thu the aisles. As well as some. Interesting characters hanging out drinking coffee at the Starbucks. But so what. Nobody is bothering or causing any harm to any body eles. It's a go to store for many that live in the surrounding neighboorhoods. And its a great store. Very welcoming. So if your bothered by every thing not being just perfect every single time you shop here. Just get over it or go to another store.
Everytime I'm at the distillery, this is the only place I go. Their baja fish tacos are the best tacos I've ever had. Their portions are definitely on the lighter side but the flavours are there in all their dishes so it's worth the price! I recommend getting the guacomole to start when you go... they make it fresh at your table! I would give it a 5-star rating but last time I went, we were sat in their outdoor heated patio and it was too hot. It was around 17 degrees out and sunny so there wasn't really a need for the heater and when I asked if they could lower the heat, they said 'it's either all the way on or not on'. Other than being alittle warm, the food is great and service has been consistently good when I've gone.
I found this place because I happen to live close by and saw all the reviews  so hey why not give it a try?\n\nYUMMY YUMMY if u haven't tried this place make sure that you do or you are missing out  \n\nI ordered chicken empanadas ( they were decent) not the best I've had but the REINA PEPIADA  delicious I suggest you try this one for sure amazing flavor great meat  \n\nI got the passion fruit juice I've only had it when I go to Latin countries so it was nice to get some here I LOVE passion fruit juice I will be back for sure
Located in The Cosmopolitan Hotel.  I actually stumbled upon this place as I was sitting nearby with my friends.  It's so secret that it's literally not even listed on their maps or signs at the Hotel.  There's no sign to the entrance.  It is right next to the Blue Ribbon Sushi Restaurant and near Cosmo's Marquee Nightclub.  They open until like 4-5am usually.  Lines could be long, but this restaurant is a take-out place.  There's only a handful of bar-like stools where you can eat on a counter by a couple of old school game machines.  It's warm, loud, and crowded so I suggest you find a seat outside.  There's a complimentary pool table just in front of the entrance with seats around it.  Our family just ate our pizza there.\n\nWaited 45 minutes for a whole pie of pizza.  It is overpriced, but it was still satisfying.  We ordered half Pepperoni and Half Sausage and Mushroom and it costed about 30 dollars.  They sell liters of soda or beer too.  The pizza was good. I want to come back to try the white pizza slice for sure.  Nothing too special about this place other than the idea that it's a secret. Overly hyped and over priced, but will definitely satisfy your pizza cravings.
Thank you to the person form FRC that contacted my husband today. My husband spoke highly of his conversation today and our only wish was that your hospitality and response was what we would have received at the time at the restaurant. Thank you for showing the true nature of the hospitality of your company. We don't blame Zinburger in any way for what happened. What was truly disappointing was how management responded after the fact. Thank you for making that right today!
Okay so it's been about seven months since i first reviewed this place and i've been coming back many times. \n\nBeen back quite a few time to get the egg noodle and shrimp wonton stoup which Toni T claims the closest thing to traditional tasting. Would i agree to this statement? I dont know, never been anywhere that has enough reasonable creditably to establish themselves as THE place to get shrimp wontons. Regardless the wontons were stuffed with minced/smashed shrimp thus giving a nice plump shrimpy texture. they didnt cut corners by throwing all those tasty shrimp into a food processor till it was just a mush. The soup wasnt bad either and didnt contain that much MSG which is a HUGE plus\n\nIf you're not in the mood for soup, and who is these days with summer right around the corner as soon as the weather ponies finish winter warp up (MLP reference!!) then go for the two bbq combo rice plate. I grab bbq pork and roast pork. If you're getting take out then dont expect any soup to come with your order but dining in rates you some soup. \n\nOverall i'd like to stop by more to try other things on the menu as well. Problem is very rarely do i get cravings for Chinese food. I actually crave Mexican more than i do Chinese which is just down right..weird...\n\n\nYelp 100 - 022 of 100
Bam boozeled shakes are amazing! Got the grasshopper one with a basket of fries to share with my husband! We loved it!
We waited 15 minutes to be seated.  After ordering and waiting another 40 minutes, never once being checked in on by the waitress, we left without receiving our food.  On the way out the door I told the manager we had been waiting over 40 minutes for our food and that was unacceptable.  He shrugged at me and then began assisting people that were just walking in the door.  Horrendous customer service!
Definitely the healthiest place we've eaten at in Vegas! Portions are small and perfectly sized. Huz and I split the fig, arugula and spinach salad which was really good. The figs were a tad too sweet for my taste and dry. We also split the butternut squash ravioli which was extremely tasty. Mom the savory side with hints of cardamom. We ordered the quinoa portobello on spinach as  our entree and loved it! We were both famished and splitting three was a good choice. Dessert was $3 so we obviously had to give the chocolate mousse a shot. Yumm. Most of the people dining were in spa robes and the place was pretty empty for a Friday afternoon. Nonetheless, I enjoyed it and felt better after eating there. I think French fries four days in a row would be a major personal fail.
Everytime I order something there will be problems. Bought a supreme combo but when I got home and open it there's only 3 tenders in there, the drive thru speaker needs to be fixed too. Not just this time, the services are always bad. I'll  just drive up to the one in Monroe instead.
Been there about 4 times now. Service has been terrible each time. Food is average at best. Won't be going back unless I have too.
I visited Mia Bella today with my best friend to enjoy a great Italian meal as I heard a lot about this place. Although the food was great, the service was bad. Both me and my friend were left stranded for about 30 mins after our meal for the check. The server ignored and we literally had to call him over for the check. We don't expect much but in a great place as such one should neither compromise on customer service nor discriminate people - He was cold to us while he was very jolly to serve some others.
Food was pretty good as always.  Nachos are good, burritos and tacos are good.  I dont think you can order something that you won't like.
This restaurant has always been my go to spot for Chinese style food, even after I moved 30 miles away,  I've consistently ceased the opportunity to do business there because my food was always fresh and hot.\n\nHowever,  today was surprisingly disappointing. ...   It tasted like it had been pulled from a buffet. ... I called to share my disappointment only to be bombarded with the challenge to try and help them understand. .  I'm not quite ready to give up on them. ..they are usually very fresh and delicious.
Not as good as it used to be. We went on January first for dinner, the place was not full, the meat was not so good, they did not have any Malbec, unbelievable. Then I asked the lady not to put any slat of dressings in my food because I have a medical condition, well the potatoes had lots of salt , we were so tired did not say anything, but we will not return. The person making cocktails did not know or they use the worst possible , we asked for a Martini because they did not have any Malbec to go with our meat, horrible martini the worst we ever had.
Looking for a place to impress your date? Well look no further because your date will be like putty in your hands after this snazzy joint. You will def get a "awww this place is cute" from your date, certain guys and all girls. I sat outside so while I enjoyed the outdoor band, my bf enjoyed the basketball game on the many flat screens. Everything was great. Our waiter was hilarious and didn't mind we changed our opinion on how we wanted our steak down 3 times. Rare to well done to finally, at his suggestion, medium. The chairs are comfy, the food is fresh, and even the bathroom is nice. Really, there were people talking about the interior design of the bathroom while I was waiting in line. I got the stuffed chicken with goat cheese and my date got an open faced kobe. The meat not the Laker. They were both delicious. He loved the kobe. Now if only he felt the same way about the Laker version.
Great food, excellent service and beautiful view. My wife Diana and I celebrated our 20th Anniversary and we loved everything about this experience. We highly recommend Compass Arizona Grill.      \n:)
I haven't found Thai food here in AZ quite as good as other places but I do really enjoy Thai House. While the decor and ambiance are not very inviting, the staff is always kind, the food arrives timely and it is always delicious. I come here very often and have never been disappointed.
Came here at around one in the morning and had their breakfast platter. The ham steak was kind of tough but the rest of the meal was good. In general pretty expensive for a 24 hour cafe.
Great place for an outing. It has TopGolf and a great bar/restaurant. It was great to be able to order while playing Topgolf and eat between turns. Great food, great fun. Thoroughly enjoyable. Will definitely return soon!
Nothing beats FETA fries and a gyro for a great lunch!!!  Been here numerous times and always greeted as a regular and never disappointed with great food.
Started out well when I was able to make a reservation for a Saturday night at 7:45 PM that morning. Upon arrival business was good but not overly crowded. \n\nWhile waiting for my friend, I ordered a mixed drink. The drink was obviously weak and hard to accept at $7.00. After my friend arrived, I mentioned to the server that the drink was weak and the second drink was much better. \n\nService was slow, and felt like our server was lethargic. Only dealt with him 2 times. Other staff brought drinks and food. My Salmon dish arrived without the Kale Salad. \n\nWhen several minutes later my salad arrived I couldn't believe how small the portion was. It was served in a small container made for serving condiments. Literally two small bites. \n\nThe food was good but when looking at the price, service, and atmosphere I don't think it's currently a good value.
This is one of the better spots to grab a meal in Aurora.  The staff are super friendly and they have pretty great price points for their lunch combos (soup/salad/veggies/small spring roll/6-piece sushi/main meal) = less than $9.  I usually get the teriyaki salmon lunch combo.  I have had better Japanese food..but considering this is Aurora I don't expect on finding greatness.  I would actually give it 3.5 stars....but 4.5 stars for their staff.  Always nice and friendly and fast!
Really wanted to try the food. However it was so cold inside the restaurant that we had to leave after our drink. Told the server didn't seem to care.. Manager even turned on the fans making it colder.. When I said something he said it was warm.. everybody had their coats on!!! I'm never cold but it's cold outside and the air appeared to be on...
Prime was not.\n\nIt was not yummy. It was not inexpensive. It did not refill soda drinks. It had no other customers.  The lady who met us at the front was expecting us to get take out. Why? There were plenty of tables and it was clean. \n\nWe stayed, we ordered Hot Thai Soup, House chicken, House seafood, lemonade, soda and Thai tea with cream. The rice was a very small portion, the seafood was inedible, because the garlic sauce was like mucus and tasted off, not worth $16 for sure!  The chicken was like it had sat on a buffet for hours and I'm not sure what they made the sauce out of, it wasn't to our liking. The soup tasted of mustard not lemongrass and chili or coconut or what you might expect from a Thai hot soup. Thai Rama, Malee's...others have better soup.\n\nI expected a lot better from the reviews. I understand why it's empty now and I'm surprised it's been here so long. It's only because they handled the order fine, service was fine and the place is clean that they got 2 stars. \n\nI would not try them again for food, unless i got really desperate and too lazy to drive farther than their location which is really close to home. I'll probably try the China Buffett down the street before I return to Prime. Very disappointing.
Not bad trendy.closer to 3,5 \nThe good: service e is prompt. Great choices if you're a meat eater. They have "viande sauvage" for starters. We ordered their signature lamb chops and vivaneau platter.\nThe bad: they have a lot of competition around them. Pricey but great quality of food. There was a DJ in the "house".\nThe ugly: Quite popular so need to reserve but reservation good for 2-2,5hrs only. Like everything in the Old Port, parking is solo difficult to find close to it.\nTip: good for an initiate setting, lunch meals just as good but better price...there are other competitive restos nearby like Modavie or Gibby's. Price range $$-$$$
Food is ok. Large portion. Service is below average. Comparing with another Sam Woo, this one is expensive one.\nWhy I stay on a long line for this ok but pricy food?
I just had the veggie stir fry at #2 spiciness and it was really good. Make sure you order the lunch portion though or you will definitely be in a food comma for a few hours.
Went there with 5 other folks. Good food. We all got the Hainanese Chicken Rice. The Chinese sausage and kale side were a hit. I got the broth which was ok but probably won't get it again.  \n\nWill definitely come back and try other items on the menu.
A family staple for us.  We love the omelets, salads, bagels, & cookies are awesome.  The paninis are most likely the best we've ever had as a family.  We love this place!!!!
The portion is so small compared to similar places\nIt is fun though to have your cwow melt by hot caramel\nExpect to be shocked by the bill. Ridiculously expensive. I could have spent it on a good dinner. The service was also slow however the waitress was patient and helpful to explain the items on the menu \nI don't think I'll visit again. I'll consider Cacao70 or Juliette et chocolate for they serve bigger portions for lower prices and more professionally prepared chocolate.\nFinally the ambiance is not that encouraging. We grabbed a table on the area outside the store and it was acceptable.
Place looks nice and had lots of tv's so it was easy to catch the leafs game.  Food was okay.  Small portions for what you pay but the premium is from its location.  Wouldn't go out of my way to come here, its a big restaurant/bar, nothing too out there.
We came here when we went to go see the dinosaur exhibit. They were really busy and seemed like they were very short staffed. Our waiter was nice, but you could tell he was overwhelmed. We ordered two burgers and a kids meal. The kids meal didn't come out until about 20 minutes after our burgers came out, so my child was more difficult... everywhere I go they always bring the kids meal out first or at the same time. We were able to have his meal removed from our bill seeing that he didn't even eat it because he filled up on French fries from our meal. \nWe have been to this area twice now to see the exhibits they have, but it's always a disappointment. It's too pricey to see anything and the food service isn't a good experience. Maybe one Day they will get it together and this whole area could be fun.
ate there awhile back and will not be back. food was terrible and way overpriced. they used to have the best food around. no more. and the owner is a real jerk. very rude and uncaring. no wonder the scottsdale and chanler stores closed. this one is next. mark my words. the food is exact opposite of chicago food. what happened?
Yup, I'm gonna be that one person that doesn't like this place ... ~_~\n\nCame here with 2 Chinese friends (1 lived in China for 10 years and 1 from San Francisco) and they didn't think it was "amazing" either. Not the best noodles in town for sure, even if they are hand-made. Cool concept though but nothing new. \n\nI specifically ordered the Dan Dan Noodles because I LOVE Dan Dan Noodles. However, this dish left so much to be desired. (Shhhh .... Yunnan Tasty Garden on Spring Mountain has the best Dan Dan Noodles that I've had in LV. Trust. Their sauce is ah-mazing!)\n\nThe Wonton Noodle Soup was probably the best thing we ordered but not so great that I want to come back for it. \n\nWe also ordered the cucumber salad and it was drenched in a thick peanut sauce, I think. Yuck, I didn't like it at all. \n\nI was really excited to try this place based on reviews but I won't be coming back. The place is super cute though and you can see them beating and twisting the noodle in front of you but I'm not here to watch a show.\n\nI'm not being harsh. I just have high standards and Vegas being a major tourist attraction with millions of visitors a year should deliver nothing but the best.
pretty not much else to say when you've got a hip atmosphere w/ hot chicks and other eye candy.\n\nbut have to say i'm impressed w/ their takeout cutlery.  plastic wrapped individually so one would have to tear off one end, so not resealable ;) guaranteed to be not touched  by any other hands.\n\nthe Chinook salmon's always my favourite and even the sticky toffee pudding to go, is still pretty yummy, with the caramel and chocolate sauces individually wrapped and the chocolate lava cake still warm by the time i got to hotel 10min later.
If you haven't eaten at Carmi yet, stop what you're doing and get on your way! The fried chicken is the best I've ever had. My fiance got chicken and waffles with a side of greens while I went with the smothered chicken with a side of mac n cheese, fried corn, and cornbread. The fried corn wasn't great to me, just a little bland. I added salt and hot sauce and was happy with it. The gravy on my chicken was amazing!!! I would eat that on anything! The only reason Carmi didn't get a 5 star is the service was a tad slow, but we did arrive right after the lunch rush so it's excusable. And though slow, the server was friendly as can be!
Despite the minor confusion of self seating..\nFriendly staff, fast service & inexpensive food delectably proportioned!
I could not give a worse review. We had reservations for over a week and came in on time with our company party of 11. Within minutes of sitting down, our waitress came over with a horrible attitude. Several members of our party checked in on yelp to take advantage of the buy one get one free drinks and we were looking over our menus for food. The waitress' attitude went from horrible to nuclear and she began complaining even louder that it would take her 20 minutes to honor the yelp offer. Waters were not even served during 5 minutes of waiting further and we could see our waitress venting about us. Keep in mind we were there for less than 10 minutes at that point. We went directly to the manager to ask for a new waitress and after having to wait for a customer in front of us also complain for some unknown issue with their party, we decided to get up and leave. All 11 of us got up and walked out without having ordered one thing. Huge loss for PBR!!!! I have never seen such bad service and will never go back to any PBR... ever!
Been coming here since they first opened in 2013!  The Tacu bowl with the green sauce and their fries are fantastic!  Also try the Chica morada juice and the passion fruit juice! So refreshing!
Great food. I particularly appreciated the egg in the ramen. The atmosphere is trying a bit too hard, though (including the entrance)
I love Oregano's! I especially love this location! The outside patio on a beautiful day is worth the wait. And waiting is something you should anticipate because this place gets packed! So if you want to eat early then get there before 7 and if not be ready to wait at least half an hour to an hour give or take ten minutes. Then remember that your meal will take about 20 to 30 minutes to come out depending on what you order but don't worry about all of that, just go and get a drink and sit and relax with friends and family. \n\nAs for food I usually always stick with pizza and wings. I recommend the medium and gold flavored wings. Gold isn't on the menu but just tell your server and they'll know what you mean. They are so delicious, honestly one of my favorite wing sauce of all times. \n\nAs for pizza, Oh my god, there are so many great choices. If you want something different and want to try their chicago style pizza then I recommend the Numero One-0. If you like pan pizza try the Lawrence's Chicken Cheddar Broccoli. And if you like thin crust pizza's, which honestly I love, then try the Grandma G's Rosemary Chicken Potato. The Grandma G's is my absolute favorite pizza at Oregano's, but don't take my word for it go and try them all out for yourself. \n\nOh and I almost forgot, if you still have room left for dessert make sure to get the pizza cookie! That thing is so good, I just wish I didn't get full every time I go so I could actually order one.
Ahhhh... Como Pizza... Je n'habite plus la rive-sud de Montréal depuis des lunes et je cherche son équivalent sur la rive-nord mais en vain... La croûte et l'incroyable sauce donnent à cette pizza un goût unique et formidable... La succursale de Delson à su offrir un produit très semblable à l'originale de La Prairie.\n\nSans contredit la meilleure pizza de la rive-sud!
Stop what you are doing and go get an Arepa at Viva Las Arepas now, and thank me later. \n\nI live 30 minutes away from this place, it's on the strip, and I have driven there three times in the past three weeks to sample more of their delicious Venezuelan morsels. \n\nThe food is out of control. If you've never had an Arepa, it is a Venezuelan take on the taco. The key here is that the shell is a pillowy flatbread. That bread wraps around some of the most flavorful, tender and mind-blowing meats I have ever sampled. My two favorites are the #1 (wood-fired beef) and the #7 (Reina pepiada... A chicken salad). The beef is cooked perfectly and the spices are just right. And in case they are not flavorful enough, you can Doctor them up with their spicy green pepper sauce or a creamy avocado sauce. Honestly, the #1 is just right for me but occasionally I'll take a bit of the sauces because they are really good. \n\nI loved the ribs. They had a good crispy skin but they were falling off the bone. The empanadas are a great accompaniment to whatever arepa you choose. And don't skip dessert. They have pastelitos in two flavors. One is guava and cheese and the other is coconut. I'm not a huge guava fan but the coconut one was ridiculous. \n\nSo far, I have been with my wife on a date, once with our three kids and once with a few friends. It was a great spot for all three outings. It's casual, and you don't have to worry if your group is a little rowdy. It is on the strip but it's north of Sahara so it's not crazy busy and there is parking all around the building.
Only thing good here was the Ceasar salad. Over priced and disappointed. We ordered the chicken piccata and the lobster gnocchi. The lobster gnocchi came out dry and over powered with butter. And I love butter my motto is everything is better with butter. The service is sub par. Slow service and follow up. We are disappointed in our choice and money spent. We will not be back.
This is such great Mexican food. When I walked in and the guy told me all about the menus and had me taste the carne asada and the green and red sauces. We ordered to go and had the Pastor plate and Carne asada plate steak style (not chopped). I had to try all the salsas too. They are all so good. I'm in love with the green sauce with bits of jalapeno and cilantro. The carne was grilled which added so much flavor and depth. The carne was a skirt steak and was tender and delicious. The Pastor was very tender.and I almost wished I gotten that! The corn tortilla are so good. They actually zmell and taste like corn.  They're not the thin flavorless ones most places steam. These were toasted too. The jalapenos that come with the meal are hot but so good!  They are fresh and whole.They added a fresh slice of avocado and a salad with cooked and raw onions so that it's a real plate. Some places don't even give you lettuce and tomato on plates anymore.. The only criticisms we had were the beans were very watery although tasted very good. The rice was also somewhat bland. But the service and overall meal were just wonderful. If they added some cumin to the rice, lime powder and sea salt to their chips and had thicker beans, it would be heaven! This is definitely a new go-to place for us.
We celebrated Christmas at Don Vito's. We've enjoyed it in the past and we were staying at the hotel so it was a good fit.\n\nTheir garlic dipping oil and warm bread they give you to start is so delicious; we immediately, dug in.  However, we were all careful not to stuff ourselves silly. We had salad or soup to start the standout was the caprese ($10). Beautiful and tasty!\n\nThe crab stuffed halibut ($30) was offered on the Christmas menu. It was good, but not terribly special. I've had far better fish elsewhere.\n \nThe rest of the entrees varied from surf to turf and pasta: filet mignon ($30), veal parm ($28), sea bass ($30) and gnocchi ($17) were all enjoyed. The gnocchi was the crowd pleaser. Rich and dreamy.\n \nThanks to the coupon booklet given at hotel check-in we were able to all indulge in complimentary dessert. A canoli, tiramisu and cheesecake were had. All were scrumptious. Service was great throughout the meal.\n \nWe also had a bottle of wine and the total damage for five was $210. It was a pleasant surprise, Merry Christmas to us.
Edible, inexpensive, chinese-ish food.  If you enjoy chinese-ish food, you won't hate this place.  I didn't.  And...literally the best chinese food in all of Etna.  That said...of course...ONLY chinese food in Etna.  \n\nStill...\n\nFast, cheap, open...it filled my belly and nothing came back up!  YAY!\n\nBland, blah, good option if you haven't eaten and you're walking in Etna and the other places are closed.
Most horrible, soupy, bland, unflavored  $10 protein shake, not once, not twice, but three times. My girlfriend had an acai bowl which was more reminiscent of a cold berry soup than anything. The Staff is quite nice however.
Worth the trip! Most to least favourite:\n\n1. Carolina Fried Chicken- ~$19  (Classic fried chicken smothered in Carolina mustard bbq sauce with grilled corn bread and pickles)\nPerfectly good fried chicken. Juicy interior. Savoury and crispy outside.\n\n2. Herb Roasted Heirloom Carrot Salad-with carmellized tomatoes, dill yoghurt, carrot tips\nNice substitute for fries. Carrot pieces were long!\n\n3. Argentina Smoked Steak-Smoked AAA picanha steak, carmellized cipponlini onions, charred squash puree and chimchurri\nNice flavour from the chimchurri. I enjoyed the squash and onions more than the steak though because the steak was charred and was a little tough on the outside and sinuey on the inside\n\nDessert:\n\n1. Apple Hand Pie-Homemade flaky crust and honey crisp apple filling\nI loved this.\n\n2. Sailor Cherry Cheesecake in a Jar-With sour cherry, spiced rum and oreo crumb\nVery sweet.
Great service and great food! The yard was a great place to grab a drink after our meal. We had a blast!
OK so I've been coming here for years. Lived here for over 6 years and love eating all the Ono grinds here.  But today.  I'm over it l.  The service was crap!!!  This stupid young girl working behind the counter should be away from people.  So much for customer service.
I ordered the Changs chicken and left hungry. I read a couple reviews saying the portion sizes were large. This was not my experience. I'm a regular sized dude and this was really a paltry plate of chicken. Way overpriced for what you get.
Food was over priced and bland. Michelada was tiny and disgusting. Beer was flat. Service was quick but gauche and tactless. Best thing about the place was the constant refilling of water.
Its what you can expect from a family run Greek restaurant. Good food. Decent prices, its a nice break from all the 'trendy' places on the Danforth sprouting up...\n\nSpent much time in Athens/Thessaloniki...obviously the food in any restaurant in Toronto won't compare but its definitely NOT a waste of money to go here...
This place has been around since 1870, so that's pretty impressive alone. We walked in and sat down at the bar and an older lady that works there came up and asked if we had ever been there. We said no, so she perked up and asked if we wanted to look around and hear about the history. She showed us all of the pictures of past Miss America pageants that the previous owner went to (a lot!) and told us the history of the place. Women weren't even allowed to eat here 'til the 60s! \n\nThe clam chowder was incredibly rich and salty in the best way. As for the oysters, we ordered the "lightly" breaded option, which comes with three fried oysters, but ours came with four as a bonus. The batter was seasoned great, and apparently the same recipe since 1916, but if that's what they mean by "lightly" battered, I wonder what their heavy battered option is like. Our oysters had a very thick coating of batter so the oyster taste and texture was a little lost in it. We also had a couple clams with some sandy grit in them :/ The clam chowder was so good and the service was some of the best I've ever had, so it brought what would have been a three star rating from me up to a four.
Food is pretty good (a bit overpriced but portions are generous --Sandwiches and burgers ~$13+ pp). Although yelp lists it as a full bar, it's primarily a pub so beers are the main offerings, with a small handful of cocktails and alcoholic warm drinks. No wine as far as I can tell. \n\nNot a place I would go to just for the cuisine but it would be a good place to have a pint and watch the game as TVs are plentiful.
My sister and I, on our second day in Arizona, went walking around "downtown" Glendale.  We were hot (July!) and needed coffee.   We found this place on accident.  Inside sat two women, talking quietly among themselves.  At first we felt like an interruption, but this couldn't have been further from the truth.  One woman jumped up, took our order and poured us a delicious cup of strong, but not bitter coffee.  The other woman, after finding out we were new in town, began telling us all about Glendale and Arizona from the history and weather to her intriguing past.  Overall, a nice coffee break.  I will return.
That was the best Turkey burger I've ever had, juicy and sweet but also savory and tangy. Loved the tots and the Mac and cheese. We started with the beets which were delicious, fresh and drizzled with honey and grapes. The place has a great vibe, fun, friendly, hip service staff and a great general ambiance. Would HIGHLY recommend.
so delicious! we had some special requests as we're vegetarians and the staff was incredibly accommodating, making some dishes especially vegetarian for us. the avocadoes in the sushi were fresh & perfect (the avocado spicy crisp roll was amazing!)
dora's has one of the better pints of guinness in the city.\n\nThe bartenders know how to pour it, and that helps.\n\nI like dora's alot. It definitely is the most authentic-LOOKING Irish pub in the city. I wouldn't say it IS the most authentic Irish pub in Toronto though..... ;)\n\nThe staff are very good, and if you can catch a session, usually thursdays and sundays, then you will certainly not be dissappointed.\nYou must go on one of these evenings, if you are looking for an entertaining few hours of pints, and 'ol trad music.\n\nalright. so ya heard it here. Definitely recommended, mainly on thurs, and sun.\n\nslainte
Winner-Winner Chicken Dinner (actually it was lunch) but never the less, this may have been the best fried chicken I've eaten and that includes my wife's which is excellent. \nOf course I found this place "Yelping" and it lived up to the reviews. \nSmall eat in take out fast food type place but that's where the comparison stop. Friendly hello upon opening the door and the aroma of fried urns, spices and chicken tips the scales. \nSeveral options of He icee of chicken you desire and nice sides to accompany them I went with a breast and two wings that came along with shoestring fries that were plentiful and a side of coleslaw that was delicious. Chicken was juicy inside and super crispy and  super favorable on the outside.\nIf you are in the area this is a must try. Just good fried chicken.
Another fantastic dinner had at Javier's! Misael N. was our server for the night and he gave us top notch service! Always a great time at Javier's, we can't wait to go back very soon!
Oh wow!! One of my new favorite places. My hubby and I tried it out on Saturday night. Made reservations and we were seated right away. It's a fun and lively place. Love the open kitchen. \nWe tried the fried green tomatoes and truffle deviled eggs. Both were incredibly good. Who would have thought guacamole on fried green tomatoes would taste that good. \nI ordered the pork belly. It was amazing and done right.  I hate going to restaurants and ordering pork belly and pulled pork comes out. The grits that came with it were also good. \nMy hubby ordered the prime rib and didn't leave a crumb on his plate. He said it was cooked so good he had to go compliment the chef. \nService was good also. A great place with delicious food. We will definitely be back for more!
My friends and I had been talking about going out for sushi after work and they recommended Sushi Wow. The sushi was good but the service is horrible. I arrived at approximately 5:30pm. My friends had arrived about 5 minutes earlier. The waitress had already started their order. I ordered a small appetizer and two rolls and she walked away before I could finish my order. My sushi came out, they set it on the table, and quickly left. I ate my sushi and chatted with my friends and figured they were busy. I had to get the waitresses attention and asked for a soda and an additional roll. The sushi came out quickly again but the waitress was not attentive to our table. We finished, paid the bill, and were wrapping the conversation when they asked us to leave so they can seat other people. We were only there about an hour and we our bill was decent sized and we tipped well. Under no circumstances do you ask customers who pay a decent amount and tip you to leave so you can turn tables. By the way there were plenty of empty seats, the sushi bar was mostly empty. The food was not that phenomenal that you can treat customers this way.
I came here on a Saturday night around 5:30PM and thought it would be more busy but glad it wasn't as we were seated promptly. The interior is chic. Hostess was very friendly. We were seated at a booth and it was not long before we had a server get our drink orders.\n\nI chose to get the 9 oz. glass of Smoking Loon Cabernet Sauvignon for $15. It was tasty but I thought it was a tad bit on the pricey side for 9 oz. My friend got the Clean Slate Riesling 9 oz. for the same price.\n\nMy friend and I got the calamari that was really good and came within a reasonable time. Nice and crispy served with a spicy mayo for $12.75. For our main entrees I got the beef sliders with sweet potato fries for $13.00. The fries were good and I did somewhat like the sliders but it felt like the patties were from a frozen box which made me sad because I expected more from a place like this. The buns were a bit too dry for my taste. My friend ordered the lobster tacos and she did like the tacos somewhat but each taco probably had about 0.5-0.75 oz of lobster meat. If you're looking for lobster tacos please don't get them here and go to a restaurant that's known for seafood. There are plenty in the GTA.\n\nOverall I probably could have had the same meal or better at a Shoeless Joe's or Turtle Jack's for the same price.
Great service and food. Pork belly wrap special was delicious. Spice level was perfect with slices of jalapeño hidden inside. Make sure to order at counter before you sit down.
I'm not that into golf, and the concept of awkwardly watching girls in heels swing and miss the ball strikes me as odd. The food, though, is really good. They have a lot of options to choose from, and the prices are beyond reasonable. The bar/restaurant area is really nice too.
Best steakhouse in Toronto. Not cheap but for that special occasion it's worth the extra $$$$. The caesar salad is a great supporting cast!
This is our new crawfish place. Crawfish and alaskan king very tasty. Staff super friendly. Variety is good. Try the lobster claw game.
We are fans of this little local place - but we are not fans of buffets (just our own personal preference). \n\nWe order off the menu and usually take it to go and we have never been disappointed.  I get the Buddhist Delight vegetables that comes with rice, their pork fried rice (which has always been very good) and a large wonton soup.  The food is so hot that even when we get it home we still have to let it sit for a few minutes!  I love that.\n\nNIce lady that takes our order and keeps things running. We eat here whenever we are back in Mesa.
I dragged my feet when my boyfriend dragged me to this bar to meet friends... but was pleasantly surprised! Don't let the outside appearance fool you, it's not a dive bar.\n\nIt's spacious and clean inside, with a great atmosphere... Fun, but relaxed. Plenty of games off to the right hand of the room, a stage to the left that some good local bands have played (which draw quite the crowd!), and TVs all around to catch the game with friends. They have a good drink list, particularly with various mules!\n\nThe bartenders are friendly, and the crowd isn't skeevy. Great local bar for a chill night out with friends.\n\nOnly cons: Limited food choices, although you can order from Sweet Basil's next door. And they got rid of the game NBA Jam - which was a focal point for our gatherings.\n\n*** Update: Time Warp kindly let me know that they got rid of NBA Jam because it broke, but a replacement will be here this fall! Awesome! ***
We had such a great dining experience here. First off, our waiter Liam was fantastic. We told him it was our 5th wedding anniversary and he immediately offered to take for pictures for us, even directing us to the best spots. He was so kind and helpful throughout our meal! The manager also came over to wish us a happy anniversary. I ordered the seared walleye and my husband ordered a half rack of ribs. I savored every bite off my plate! It had a perfect crisp on the outside and still flaky and tender on the inside. The sauce was divine and the veggies were the perfect addition. My husband loved his meal too. We can't wait to go back in warmer weather to enjoy the outdoor seating.  We were also glad to support the Metroparks!
I had the shrimp with the shebang sauce. The food was tasty but the shrimp ended up soft and a little overlooked. The Cajun flavor was there. The service was okay, we were attended to but the waitress forgot several orders in our party.
Pork tenderloin was nice. Ancho rub chicken was so delicious. Do yourself a favor and order a Black Widow cocktail (shirley temple mojito goodness).
Let me say the brunch was really good. We had the French toast with butterscotch syrup and the red velvet waffles. Both were delectable and the fried chicken wings were some of the best I have ever had. Could not give the establishment 5 stars for a couple of reasons one being the Mimosa and Chardonnay were not served at the proper temperature.  Our waiter was very friendly however it was a very busy day, several large parties, so service was not optimum. Minor challenges that day do not deter another visit as the food is better than several top notch local restaurants.
The staff is so sweet. Not that expensive for such a good poutine! Their hot dogs are amazing too. Best poutine in Verdun!
Its Friday night. I was craving something greasy. I grabbed my cellphone and looked for a nearby restaurant and set the filter to 4+ stars rating, $ affordable, and of course free WiFi. Well Yelp suggested this place for me.\n\nI love the decor. Its so old fashion you might think you just stepped out of a DeLorean after driving 88mph! (Speaking of, its 2015 already!).\n\nNow to the food. The menu is huge and has pretty much everything you want from a diner. I ordered their famous burger (picture attached). It came with ketchup, mustard, lettuce, pickles, onions. The patty was too big for the bun which is awesome. Meat was tasty. Veggies were fresh. Absolutely no complains. Service was quick and friendly. I am surely a fan of this diner. Next time I will try their breakfast.
Food gets 5 Stars. Service is definitely to be desired for. Do NOT go there unless you plan to spend a couple of hours there. The attentiveness of the staff is less than stellar at best. I went on a Friday night so was expecting it to be busy, but 2 hours is just plain ridiculous. Again, I have zero complaints about the food, I thought every dish we ordered was amazing, but not really a fair trade-off for that length of time. In addition, it was extremely hot inside the restaurant causing even more grief. I don't normally give poor reviews, but patrons need to be made aware of what they're getting themselves into when deciding to dine here.
This restaurant is centrally located in a touristy area.  The entry way can be a bit deceiving looking like you are entering a castle or haunted attraction.  Once past the entry way you can dine al fresco and enjoy a wonderful plate of poutine.  The poutine is delicious and set my poutine bar very high.  The cheese curds had the perfect squeak in each bite and the gravy is very flavorful.  I ordered the regular poutine and was licking the plate clean.  I would definitely stop in again and recommend to anyone in the area.
The ribs were burnt to a crisp and the brisket was so dry.  I can't believe this place has 4 1/2 stars. Wtf
Average Taste, things are just fine' and this restaurant can be skipped without losing much. There are some other fabulous' Indian food restaurants nearby and those are considerably above par than this one in terms of taste, options and overall experience.
Tried here a week ago for first time. Subin was our server and she treat us as vip. Owners are good too come check our table and ask hows everything. Foods are decent and huge menu. Oh! They open late! Over all, I will be back here
This is a nice cozy atmosphere with dim lighting, it would be great for a quiet date night. I attended for the first time during Restaurant Week. As a disclaimer everyone should expect delays during restaurant week. A restaurant can go from 5 reservations on Tuesday to 30 during restaurant week. It is an adjustment. We were a party of 4. The bartender was good, be sure to ask for the liquid sunshine :). We met the owner and she was very pleasant. I enjoyed the saffron papperdelle pasta which was seasoned very well and the collard greens added extra texture.  We were able to sample each others food and the steak medallions were cooked properly but I wish there was more coffee crust on them. The carrot-ginger soup was not heavy on the ginger, which I liked. The macaroni and cheese could have used more cheese sauce, it was not as creamy as I would like. But it had a good flavor. Overall I enjoyed this place and the location. My group will come back after restaurant week.
impressive food, and service.  That in the rush of the comicon crowd that day, the server took the time to investigate, and address my friends allergy concerns before he ordered was much appreciated. \nI had the Kobe Burger with an egg on top, and seriously this was like eating a Kobe beef McMuffin.\nThis was so delicious, it was almost a sinful indulgence.\nMy friends and I enjoyed our meals.  we felt the service was great.
Food is great, lots of excellent choices and very friendly service.\nI'm definitely coming back and i will recommend it with my friends and family members.
For the years I've lived in this area, they must has changed this location's name over a dozen times. I would have never made an effort to stop and eat here but my cousin invited to me over for his birthday dinner. \n\nI don't like the outside set up. The front is facing the street and parking is on the side and back of the building. When I first walked inn, I was surpise to see how well this BBQ place was set up. They had so many places to sit. \n\nI'm giving them 5 stars because our server was great. We were a party of 30 peoples and he was on top of it. Very friendly and kept up with everyones orders. \n\nMost the food sizes are small but, it goes great with their small griller. I enjoyed the food and I wouldn't mind coming back again.
Starting with the food - the sandwiches were really good.  I had the Killer Tomato with added Chicken Salad - solid.  The salads were large and colorful.  The house bread was light and tasty. Costs were reasonable.\n\nI have no complaints about the the actual menu, however the place drops several stars in my book because of poor service - which was somewhere between apathetic and F* You.  The waiter for example, brought 4 forks with our meal (4 people, makes sense right?), but only 2 napkins.  Attempts to flag him down for more napkins resulted in us being visibly ignored.  We ended up getting our own napkins from the inside kitchen.  He never made another appearance at our table after that.  We had to ask how we pay, which I guess we were supposed to infer that we were table #45 to tell the cashier up front.\n\n4 stars for food\n1 star for service\n2.5 total
My husband and I come here constantly for the amazing food! Hands down the best Italian \n\nMy issue is with our HORRIBLE server Anthony.. we asked him what he he special was and he lied and they said they were out.. that was a lie.. I called him out on it after hearing another server telling his table about it and how good it was.. after that he completely ignored us, never checked if we needed anything.. you would think out table didn't exist .. WORST SERVER IN LAS VEGAS!  Our busser was amazing and attentive and we tipped him our sever was an A$$hole
I made a reservation here on a Friday night for my friend's birthday.  They were able to accommodate our large group and the service was great throughout.  There was also a live band who was absolutely fantastic.  We ordered the soft pretzels with provolone fondue to start, and it was a great appetizer, but it was pretty filling, so less orders go farther (we ordered 2).  For the actual meal I ordered the mussels at the advice of the waitress, and I was severely disappointed.  Mussels are one of my favorite dishes and this place just did not cut it.  They were extremely bland and the sauce they came in was absolutely tasteless.  By far the worst I've had.   On the other hand, my friends enjoyed their food and their drinks, so perhaps I just ordered the wrong thing, but it's hard to give it the four stars it would otherwise deserve when the meal I thoroughly disliked was recommended to me.
I was craving Japanese food and happened to be around the area so I decided to give this brightly red-themed restaurant a shot. Immediately, I noticed anime shows on a big screen tv which was entertaining. The decor was very lively as well. The place wasn't too busy, and we were immediately sat down at a table that needed cleaning, but the waiters, unfortunately, forgot about us until we decided to ask for a menu and change our seats due to our discomfort looking at the leftover bowls. \nI ordered a Pork Katsu Curry Rice ~$7.50, which was delightfully served with salad and miso soup as part of the lunch special. I loved that the pork katsu was crispy and fresh, which is a big part of the experience. However the curry wasn't too memorable, as it was not as flavourful as I had expected. The rice was really well made, but there was a lot more in comparison to the curry.\nThey're open late so maybe I'll try something else, instead next time. :)
I drive by this location all the time but rarely busy.  This morning I want breakfast and finally skate outta the house about 1030, Golden Arches line through parking lot, and Jack had a line to smiths..one last attempt pull up and the car in front of me was also trying to order breakfast. Perhaps it's time for a little wiggle room for breakfast on weekends or time for Hardee's to evaluate that most places do some breakfast all day.  I ended up with a triple bacon (bacon= breakfast?!?! Ah who cares BACON!!) burger, I was not a big fan. The bacon relish to sweet for my liking.  \nI guess next time I'll just wait in line elsewhere if I want breakfast!
Great food! Not greasy. Pita bread and hummus are my favorite. Falafels are never dry, unlike most places. And the staff is always friendly.
Good is excellent watch out for the bartender w glasses she has an attitude and is unfriendly.  Salad dressing is excellent.  Haven't had a pizza I didn't like
Visiting from Portland and found this place.  The place has a cool Bloody Mary bar and has a great vibe.  Unfortunately, the chicken and waffles failed to deliver, as the chicken was dry and was smothered with fried onion strings.  Visually they got it, but have to follow through on flavor.  Our waiter was terrific hands down though and is a good reason to give it another try.
Great service. We had 15 mins... They got us in and out. Food not bad, ordered the chopped salad and a turkey sandwich. Will definitely be back.
This place is awesome off the strip. It's a great place to go to if u want a nice restaurant w/ strip quality food that's off the strip and not in a casino. Love it!!!
User to love this spot but may have come under new management recently. Ordered my go to breakfast burrito today and it came out without chorizo and avocado. The waiter wasn't quick to apologize or offer a good solution so I just asked for a side of avocado. That didn't make it out before all of my friends were done eating. Super disappointing. We also ordered mimosas which were unsatisfying as well. While they were tasty there was so little mimosa in the glass that it felt like a total waste of money ordering one. This was overall an unexpected downer. Unfortunately won't be coming back. Used to love this place so very sad.
The Attic is a pretty sweet spot to go to for wings, burgers and beers.  They have a nice sized menu of unique beers (that changes often), and overall the food quality is much better than your average sports bar. Specialty burgers, pizzas and appetizers....most everything is A+.  I personally love their dry rubbed Cajun wings with the chipotle dipping sauce.  It's de-lish!\n\nThe only reason this place doesn't get a 5-star rating is because the staff here rarely smiles.  And I mean RARELY!!  Sometimes they're friendly-ish, but most of the time they just seem sapped of any sort of enthusiasm, so service drags. If the staff was a little more energetic and on-point, it could definitely get the full 5 in my book.
Best selection of food ..bbq is amazing and a variety for every taste. Chocolate fountain too..would recccomend.
Voted #1 steak House by Las Vegas Weekly for a reason. This place is all Rock N Roll.  The Tomahawk Steak is the featured dish and it is fantastic, 35 ounces aged for 35 days and cooked cold rare at 1200F turn and burn and seasoned to perfection. Bearnaise on the side. It doesn't get any better than that.. Great friendly service. Love this place.
I was pleasantly surprised by the ceviche! It was awesome and very fresh. Ive never posted but I really like this place. Cant wait to try the lomo saltaldo.
It's pizza.  Jazz it up with fancy names and fold it over into a calzone and it's still just a pizza.  The service was good and the delivery fast and hot. Still just an everyday slice of pie.
I've been here twice for client dinners and overall I find Nobu to be slightly overpriced but a quality meal. Here are my takes on the food:\n\nDrinks- yummy but not cheap\nMiso cod- an absolute MUST MUST get, it was worth every penny and it wasn't even that expensive\nUni (sea urchin)- my first taste of uni and it did NOT disappoint! \nSushi- OK but I've had better\n\nIn the end, it is still a well orchestrated meal with decent service. I'm not sure it quite lives up to the hype but the miso cod could carry this place on it's back!
looks like the word is out.. the place was buzzing on a saturday night. First of all, this is something toronto needs for a change in perspective on indian cuisine. The vision seems similar to what Vij's has done in Vancouver. The menu is mostly fusion concept but it also has some traditional dishes. We ordered an appetizer and 2 mains to get a broader perspective. The chicken 65 appetizer was yummy. The chicken was so tender and the seasoning was spot on. Being an Indian, chicken 65 reminds me of indo chinese style preparation but this was more south indian in nature.  Our favorite amongst the mains was the scallop and prawn ambotik. It had a great balance of sweet and tangy. The punjabi chicken was a simple home style preparation. For dessert we had the chai pot de creme which was delectable, we made sure we wiped it all clean. Overall, the portions are substantial for sharing, we had to pack our mains since we could not finish them.\n\nService was friendly although it took some time to take our order. Will definitely recommend this in a heartbeat and will be back again with friends.
I'm Mexican and I can honestly tell you that that this is the closest traditional Mexican food that I have tried in Toronto.\nI've been coming here for the last few years (pretty much since they opened) \nAll the staff it's super friendly.\n\nMy fav are:\nalambre de pastor  \nGuacamole \nAgua de horchata\nMichelada preparada con negra modelo \nCafé de olla \nPastel de mango\n\nI work in the Industry and I'm always recommending this place, it's super casual and great for brunch, the margaritas are REALLY really good... And pretty much I love it all, one of my favourite restaurants.
Fuckin delicious! Great prices for the portions and the food was exactly what we needed....meat and carbs.
Love the new menu. Avocado benedict is awesome!!!! Peach bellini goes well with everything ;)
When I first saw this restaurant, I thought of Athens Diner...the one that used to be in Elizabeth and wondered why they would come out here nearly to suburbia.  But then I saw the menu options and was quite relieved that this is a completely different place and decided to give it a shot.\n\nThis is a tiny restaurant with about 10 booths and 3 tables in the middle.  The menu consists of standard greek fare with Souvlaki, Pita sandwiches and salads for which the dressing is on each table.\n\nI asked my server for a recommendation and he asked how hungry I was.  Since I didn't want to go back to work in a food coma, he suggested a pita sandwich.  Some of the people around me had the dinner plates and there is no way I could handle that even at dinner.  The pita sandwich was big enough that I just managed to finish it and the side item.\n\nSide items consist of rice, fries, and roasted potatoes and 2 options that cost a little extra.   I opted for the roasted potatoes which were plenty and flavorful.   The chicken pita I ordered was tasty also, with seasoned chicken, lettuce, tomatoes and an awesome tzatziki sauce gently covering everything within the pita.\n\nService was good.  One of the cooks came out and greeted some of the customers during my visit so that's a plus for them.  It shows that they really appreciate their customers.  \n\nPrices are very reasonable.  $4.99 and up for pita sandwiches.   I added a glass of tea and still got out of there for under $7 (without tip).\n\nThis is a place I am going to have to add to my list of regular lunch places.
This is my favorite Houston's/Hillstone alternative.  We've eaten here many times and it's almost always a great experience.  \n\nThe Perfect Margarita IS perfect.  I never would have put olives in a margarita but it so completely works.  \n\nOn this past visit, my cheeseburger was overcooked and they happily took it back and fired a new one.  \n\nService is generally impeccable.  Although, we have noted that they seem to have a fear of letting any glass be less than 3/4's full.  As soon as you've consumed *any* of your drink, you will have another glass on the table.  I find this amusing.  \n\nGreat place although it does tend to be a bit loud when it's busy.
I am currently here, at Applebee's writing this. First off, I must say our server Yuri is fantastic. However, the chef here needs to find another job, not around food. 3 of us ordered the 2 for $11 Vidalia onion steak combo... two with linguine and one with the Margarita chicken. 1 steak rare, one medium rare, one well done. And a children's steak, well done with applesauce. \n\nThe well done steak was cooked perfectly.\nThe rare steak was cook a little more than expected.\nThe medium rare steak was "blue rare"... inedible. \nThe children's steak was raaaaaare... and came out 5 minutes after the rest of our food.\n\nSent back the children's and the medium rare.\nChildren's came back medium, at best.\nMedium rare came out, a brand new steak, more rare than the first time. It's like they never even cooked it. Sent back a 2nd time.\n\nCalled the manager over, took my entree and my son's entree, the issue dishes, off the bill completely. Everyone was quite apologetic. Our server was OVER apologetic,  it was saccharine. \n\nFinally, the 3rd time that they brought out my steak, it was charred on the outside.  At least it was cooked on the inside. \n\nAll in all, not a horrible experience, but not as pleasant as past restaurant experiences.
More "Bandito' than 'Chino', but delicious all around. Has great jerk chicken and rice and the most incredible chile relleno I've ever had.
Amazing food, amazing service. Everyone truly works as a team and there is always more and more meat coming around. There were very few things I didn't care for and that was a matter of personal taste. I'm so full I feel like death but it's so worth it! Gluttony at its finest.
The lunch special is an amazing deal! Service is always quick and friendly, and they make recommendations based on what you're in the mood for. I've had the Phó, chicken wings, and the bánh mì, they're always reasonably priced. I've been brought a few of the t-shirts!
Meh.  My black bean burger was good but it came with a lettuce cup on top of the burger filler with salsa? Totally weird.  Place is clean but you walk in and it smells like burned burgers and greasy fries.  Dining area is rather small so not idea for big groups.  \n\nThey do serve beer and wine. (Not many local craft beers that I could see and not a great selection of the other type of beers) \n\nListen - this is great to grab a burger to go if you are working in the area, but not the best option to actually drive to to go for dinner and actually eat there .  Meh. We had a large party and I was over it by 10 minutes of feeling cramped.
After I give some negative feedback, one person who is suspected to be one of their employees messaged me privately and tried to "educate" me.
Our server was friendly, but not very attentive. The restaurant was very cold, and the spaghetti was mediocre. I ordered the sparkling sangria, and it was a cheap bottle of sparkling rose with some fruit floating around. Took a long time to get the check.
Service and food were both good. My wife had a wet pork burrito and I had the chorizo tacos. Definitely a solid experience.
We eat Thai food in this house all the time. We have one favorite place and are also super picky when trying new Thai places.  I don't think we let our guard down seeing as we just completed a 7 hour drive, but I found Map of Thailand's food very good and well-prepared. \n\nWe ordered Take-out, and when we arrived I felt sorely under-dressed even though my T shirt and track pants were clean. (I told you we just drove 7 hours, right?). The space is simple yet the decor casual-chic accented with deep purples. Perfect spot for date nights. \n\nWe ordered a ton of food and there was not one bad dish in the bunch. The spice was just right and didn't overpower the flavor. Nothing seemed heavy and the fried rice was not greasy either. The noodles were cooked perfectly and there was a lot of seafood/chicken in the dishes. The only thing I didn't like was the chicken and beef satay. Not too flavorful and the chicken had a sour kind of flavor to it. Otherwise everything else was just delicious...\n\nBasil Fried Rice, Map Fried Rice, Drunken Noodles (my favorite of the night!), Thai Style Basil (a wee bit too salty for my taste), Andaman Princess (my second fave of the night, so full of yummy seafood). \n\nService was nice, a bit harried, but not unfriendly. A def neighborhood gem.
I'm still relatively new to Pittsburgh. I went to Legume with a couple of friends to kick off our "Supper Club" where we try out different local restaurants. I chose Legume because it sounded unique in it's local sourcing of produce, European inspired yet American food and daily changing menu. Their website only posts the most recent menu as it changes every day! The food was hands down FANTASTIC! Whether the pepper jelly crostini and goat cheese appetizer (a must if you're there in my opinion), or the fresh bread that they serve as we waited on our entre or the Spicy Kimchi Soup; they were all outstanding. I ordered the sweet potato ravioli with oyster mushrooms, the only vegetarian entre which was just the perfect balance of the "comfort" that sweet potatoes stand for and unique flavors that came from the sage, kale and other herbs We were lost for choice when it came to their dessert menu. We settled on sharing the cardamom pudding, which again was brilliant. The uniqueness of a flavor like cardamom in the comforting familiarity of pudding and mousse comes together and just blew me away with every spoonful. I think the quality of ingredients they use, fresh seasonal vegetables, dairy and produce makes their food so soulful. I was a bit disappointed with my drinks though (which come from their bar next door, Butterjoint). I ordered the "Mercy of the bartender" which is exactly what it sounds like and I mentioned that rum is my preferred poison. Now with a blank slate to work with, I was excited to see what I'd be surprised with. I received my first drink which I think was a version of the 'El presidente' - Citrusy and White Rum. which I thought tasted fine..nice and stiff.. but also rather boring and unadventurous. For my next drink, I asked for something more exciting. "Surprise me" is what I said. Yet again, i received a white rum based citrusy cocktail which again, tasted okay.. but totally didn't match up to the high standards the appetizers and the food had set by then. I also felt that with a story like theirs, a menu that sets these expectations and food that totally knocks it out of the park, there's room for improvement in the service department. Our waitress on that particular occasion, although efficient, would not smile, wasn't particularly amused when I asked what was in my drink and would respond to our questions with quick, curt to-the-point replies. I'd certainly recommend this restaurant both for special occasions, date night or just a good dining experience. Just order one of their regular cocktails or pick from their fairly diverse wine list to complement your food and you should be fine. \nOne more thing - I just looked at their menu online and it's the exact same as when I dined there a couple of weeks ago.. which was the exact same menu I'd seen when I reserved the dinner which was another couple of weeks before I actually dined there. I asked my friend who dined there a 2 years ago and she ate the exact same food that I did. So, the "daily changing menu" on their website might be a bit of a stretch.
I had the Fish Taco Platos, it came with refried beans with red sauce and cheese, white rice topped with pico de gallo, and two fish tacos. The two pieces of fish were fried and topped with tomatoes, cabbage and lime, I ordered my fish tacos with a flour tortilla, but I'm pretty sure it actually comes on corn tortillas.  \n\nThe meal was tastier than the normal fast food fare, and the price was affordable. You can't go wrong if you're in the mood for fish tacos, and a Del Taco is near you.
A family member brought me here to grab some pastries for a quick breakfast.  There were so many yummy options,  I had a hard time deciding- but ended up getting a ricotta danish- that was so delicious! The pastry was flaky and buttery SO GOOD.  The ricotta filling was silky smooth and not too sweet with just enough chocolate chips to add some texture.  The nutella filled donut and croissant were also great- as well as the regular sugar donut & peach danish. We also grabbed a loaf of french bread that seemed tough before we cut into it, but we were definitely surprised at how soft it was inside! \nWould definitely be back!
If I could give zero stars, I would! Worst customer service at the drive through EVER! After waiting 20 minutes we finally pull up to place our order. I had 3 kids with me so we ordered 4 of the $5 fill up boxes. Not sure if she forgot her headset was on but I hear "ugh really"? So I asked if that was a problem then she stumbled through asking if that was all. I got to the window and handed her my card. I asked what my total was and she rolls her eyes at me and sighs like it's killing her to look at my total. The guy behind me was asking if anyone was there and she snapped back at him extremely rude that yes someone was there and that he needed to hang on. Who runs a business like this? This woman obviously hates her job and has no business working in customer service. We won't be back!!!
Súper delicioso, las sopas y ensaladas estaban geniales. Además la atención al cliente es súper agradable
Definitely a solid choice for a quick mexi meal. Great variety of salsa, all were delicious. Our breakfast burritos delicioso!
I can understand why the LOW mark on this place.. Sitting at bar I have not been acknowledged once after the change in shift..  Money on counter, menu on counter 3-4 people and ZERO SERVICE... Guess I'm not eating here today..!!!  I guess they don't like locals or maybe just serving Customers..!!  Even management has no eye for detail... Might understand if busy, but come on ... Only 3-4 of us .. Sucks!!!
Hidden in a house of history in Kensington Market, this bar is interesting and cozy. It's really just like visiting a friends house. \n\nWe came in on a warm fall night and the patio in the back yard was open. There was even a camper with candles and seating in the back yard! \n\nWe chose to sit down in the living room area and the owner told me the rocking chair I sat in was his grandmothers. It's pretty comfortable. We ordered a Moscow Mule and 2 tapas - salmon crostini and pork croquette. I found a the drink with a bit of too sweet and spicy (because of the ginger beer) to my taste, but the food was pretty good. The pork croquette was especially quite unique and delicious. The salad on both dishes were a bit under seasoned - we were not able to finish it. \n\nOverall, I think this bar's atmosphere and music is great, drink and food Okay, service a bit a slow on a not so busy night, but it is great to just grab a casual drink and snack if you are not in a rush. I can see myself come back if I'm after dinner and in the neighbourhood.
Very good Pan Latin American food. Great empanadas, as we had Cubano and Columbian. The Arroz Columbia was excellent too. A bit expensive for what you get, but delicious!
I just love this place. We were referred by friends.  We live in Scottsdale.  This place is worth the drive.  The food is delicious and the atmosphere is cute. They have entertainment after 7:30. Wine list is great and service was good. It was fun sitting next to the mushroom bar and watching the cooks do their magic. Would recommend this place to all my friends!
One of the worst restaurants in Pittsburgh that I've been to. Had really high expectation for this place but everything was just overpriced and got charged for extra chips when the queso didn't even come with chips. The waiter was also not attentive. Dont be fooled by all the good reviews!
The place is OK for a quick bite. It's cheap and cheerful. However, don't expect much. It's not exactly the most authentic Mexican food.\n\nI got the Asada Box. It came with rice, baked beans (selection of two), meat and some toppings. The meat was flavourful, but was overcooked and not very generous. All the toppings were not the freshest. The meal does not come with tortilla and when I asked for tortilla on the side they asked for $.50 for a small one, or $.90 for a large one. A bit steep, if you ask me.
This place is definitely not for vegetarians or vegans. Porchetta & Co serves up a fantastic, pork sandwich - more like heart attack on a plate, but what a lovely way to go. \n\nWith  just the right amount of salty and chewy meat in a soft, fresh bun, it was love at first bite for me. I tried their standard toppings on the pork, grainy mustard and hot sauce. Next time I might add the truffle oil, which I hear is a fan favourite. The service was friendly and I appreciated their spic and span kitchen. Just lovely.
Deliciously wonderful food - my absolute favorite place to go in Madison - especially when the weather is cold.  Combo platter is my favorite dish - a little bit of everything and it all has a wonderful taste - just make sure you savor it to get the full experience.  Best place ever!
I usually order a pot of seafood congee and it's big enough for two people. The appetizers are also good. My friend and I usually spend less than $20 for dinner over there.
Toby's Keith's is so much fun. They host the best concerts and you can dance the night away! Bartenders are awesome and friendly! Great food as well!
This place is okay for ramen and sushi. I had to find a place close by that served food other than just sushi so we came here. It's a small cafe under a condo/office building and it only has about 5 small tables that suits two. It's pretty cozy. If you're craving for really good ramen or sushi, I don't recommend coming here, but I do recommend coming here for a quick and cheap bite with no waiting time. The staff are nice and they serve a nice sweet tea. The prices are cheap and the atmosphere is clean. They use a microwave here a lot, since I assume, because of its size, they probably don't have space for extra stoves etc. Had their house special roll and it wasn't bad, but considering it was torched, it wasn't really torched enough.
I like the homemade noodles in their spicy brisket soup. It's fresh and it's better than other places. I went there today but I just found out they closed down. It's sad to see it go. This is my must go place.....
Graham Central Station is hands down the best ice cream I've ever had. Never been a huge fan of ice cream and dairy products in general but I could eat my weight of GCS. Huge chunks of graham cracker with chocolate-covered I-don't-even-know-whats.\nBe forewarned. A waffle cone "single" scoop is more like a single, shovel scoop. It's huge. We have to eat in our car during the summer months; otherwise, it melts and drips faster than I can gobble it down.\nTheir other flavors are really good too but I've now synonymized "Handels" with GCS. They'll let you try any flavor you want but try to save GCS for last so you can at least consider the other flavors before dedicating your life to GCS.
Take out is a hit or miss most times. If you ever need EXTRAS of anything, make sure that you check that you get those extras while at checkout otherwise you're most likely not going to get them. The weekend staff on Sunday behind the checkout counter makes you think that they hate their lives, I bet you can't even pay them to smile or act enthusiastic.... but then again it's really busy Sunday after church. Expect to wait 30 mins to sit if you have more than 2 people.
Having been in Charlotte only a year, I'd despaired of finding good German cuisine in the QC.  Turns out you have to go to Pineville.  Also turns out it's well worth the drive.\n\nThe Waldhorn is a little kitschy, but appropriately so.  Their tap selection is well-chosen and good.  The rolls are pretzel-y and fantastic.  The sauerkraut is sauer enough, though they do the sweet caraway-seed version.  The wurst is the best in Charlotte.  (Please don't kill me.)\n\nWe started with the wurst plate, served with mustard, sauerkraut and rolls.  There was plenty, and I should've stopped there, but I hadn't had good German food in a while, and was in a celebratory mood.\n\nI had the jagerschnitzel.  It was made entirely of food.  Pork was thin, crispy and delicious.  Red cabbage was firm and sweet.  Spätzle needed salt, but it usually does.  Heated up well the next day, also--there was a lot of it.\n\nShe had the venison.  Sweet lord.  That is all.\n\nAn older gentleman in liederhosen and wielding an accordion played throughout the place, but never so loud as to be distracting.  I like the accordion though, so your mileage may vary.\n\nIt is a little pricier than I would've liked, but I don't think that is going to stop me from going back.  Regularly.
Highly recommend this restaurant! It was authentic Chinese food! My waiter was so helpful picking my dinner. I had the clams and black bean sauce, crispy orange beef, pea shoots with garlic sauce and BBQ pork fried rice. Everything was very flavorful!  I can't wait to go back!
Great food, good service, and an excellent laid back atmosphere. It's a perfect place to get a drink or share a meal whether it be for a night cap or a random Wednesday night outing. You can just go in, seat yourself, and ask the friendly server their beer recommendations.
I used the app to see what brunch places were near me, I chose this place after seeing other reviews and the rating. The meat lovers benedict was really good and very reasonable prices! It was fairly busy for a Tuesday afternoon, I would definitely go again!
This isn't just my favorite BBQ place in Toronto, but my favorite BBQ place anywhere.  Jason is a total genius with all things meat.  We live over two hours away and are already trying to figure out when to make the trip next.  \n-Amazing BBQ\n-Amazing beer selection\n-Sunday Brunch\n-Happy Hour Specials
Lunch was great. Got the steak and blue cheese salad.  Nice change and waiter.  A little noisy but it was during lunch.
The food was excellent!  I had the wings and the BLT.  The staff were attentive and friendly. I'll definitely be back.
Good times! Great music in the main bar and excellent patio (kinda small) with free pool or you can lounge around on the comfy sofas! I'll be going back! \nOne letdown; outdoor bar seating in the main bar is closed off when the music starts playing so don't sit outside thinking you'll enjoy the view & the band while watching inside.
Great dive with local feel. Burgers are great! Onion rings are breaded and great. Love the friendly local service!
I visited this reataurant in January'16 after quite a few years as I live further west of GTA . The Teppan was as  great as it was when I visited last. The service was quick, quantity could have been more but overall a good place to come  back. Lunch is expensive.. for 3 people with pops came to $60.but worth it if you are taking out special people:)
Hands down, this is the best Chinese vegetarian restaurant I've had in the GTA.\n\nI've been here on occasion for both dim sum and for dinner. The dishes are a lot more varied and unique when compared to the nearby Lotus Pond. Flavours are a lot more refined without an overreliance on greasy sauces or heavy seasoning. The chicken kabobs are one of my all-time favourites. \n\nIf you're vegan most of the menu selection is vegan and many of the items can be made without eggs. I have brought my vegan friend from out of town here on a couple occasions and whenever he comes back to TO this is one place he's sure to visit!
Decided to make the trek over here as I browsed the latest and greatest eats next to me. Small, quaint, and beautifully furnished restaurant. Since I arrived towards closing time, I decided to sample what there known best for, BANANA PUDDING! It was good, not great but missed something extra special. There were fresh bananas inside the pudding, vanilla wafer cookies, and caramel topping. Will definitely make the trek back to try out  there wide range of desserts and ala-carte menu.
STK. (Saitou to Kaigen)\n\nRed Cream Soda: Foamy Frenzy \n\nVeggie Burger: Pineapple and Spicy Mustard, goodness me...\n\nShaggy Dog: He wolfed it down in 2.5 minutes. The 2nd one was 3 minutes, due to the fries. \n\nMy cousin enjoyed his Shaggy while I enjoyed a vegetarian burger option.  You definitely get what you ask for at Maui Dog.  Would give a 4.5, because I want more vegetarian options but I usually stick to what works and it was stellar..  Pleasant owner, very cool menu, good char on my burger.  Ask and you shall receive.  Want to train my cousin up to do the "BIG KAHUNA Challenge"\n\nCulinary Thought: Moderate pricing plus funky condiments = Happy Ninja. Spare no expense, for every penny spent will stretch your face into more of a smile. Simply Good.\n\nNinja Eating Plan: Could I attempt the BIG KAHUNA CHALLENGE?
I purchased a daily special for lunch.  \n\n1 star for the volume of food for the price.  1 star for the salad that comes with the lunch.  \n\nEnough said.
Great food and service and the decor reminds me of the beach. This is the only breakfast place in the area though and fairly small, so you'll probably have a wait depending on what time you arrive.
Customer service was great. Food was very salty. I'm from Alabama and I can say, it was southern cooking for real. But too expensive and too salty, and yes, took 30 minutes to get food. Also of note, my girlfriend thinks the catfish got her sick. That said, best banana pudding I've ever eaten. Better than Lola's for you local foodie's. If you want soul food in Vegas, go to M & M's. Much better. Much faster. Much cheaper.
If you want to do something really crazy go here at night. You're going to be going down a dark Road the last 5 miles and then you'll turn on to Bonnie Springs Ranch Road and it's even darker for the last two miles. There will only be a few cars in the parking lot and the restaurants off to the left about a hundred yards. It is really something out of the past the food's good just plain bar food they do have fried livers and gizzards you definitely have to try that one time and the gizzards really just one time.  Open till 9 on weekdays a little later on weekends. Definitely check out the men's room even if you're a woman. This is the most different place in Las Vegas you really have to go
They cant get an order right no matter what .. Its almost like they do this deliberately .. They hire the most unqualified, rude and stupid people to ever flip a burger.. 3 x and not once did they get the order right.. Shut the place down already.
My family and I come here about once every two weeks, and for a good reason! \n\nOne thing I love about this Congee Queen location is that it is consistent. The food and service has always been good, repeatedly, time after time. \n\nTheir chili fried turnip cakes, dough fritter, vegetarian six grain fried rice are our family favourites! The quality of food is great, and priced reasonably.  The service is fast and efficient. \n\nWe usually go on the weekdays for dinner when there aren't much line ups. But if you're looking to come here Fri- Sun, I'd suggest making reservations as it can be quite packed. \n\nOverall, great food and service at this location. I highly recommend trying this place if you haven't already!  4/5!
If you like noodle soup with a FLY in it, then this is the place to go. I'm serious, my better half and I both ordered a noodle soup and both of us had a fly in each of our orders. \n\nAnd besides from the FLY in our food, seriously why is this place getting 4 stars? I'm Chinese who grew up with these type of restaurants and I don't even like the food here and find it a tad bit more expensive than other places in Chinatown. Your best alternative is Goldstone down a block!
My husband and I tried this place based on many telling us we should come here for the best Mexican.  It was divey inside, but that was expected- the food was not good at all.  I have seriously had better Mexican food in Connecticut.  I was so disappointed.
You may have trouble getting reservations to this place online but they usually take walk-ins whether you're sitting at the bar or the dining room. I'll start with the decor. Not necessarily my vibe but it is very swanky, lots of gold and accent colours with velvet purple chairs. They also have a live DJ, which gives this place a great vibe. I originally went for cocktails and they tasted great. Price wise they vary from $12-$18 so pretty standard. I got the AKAN SOUR. Like I said, tastes great but beware...they are not very strong. The food is generally tapas (sharing style) and there is lots of sushi! For $16 you get about 8 sushi pieces / rolls. You can also opt for an entree that you can eat with you gold cutlery for much more! One thing to note: the staff is super friendly. Our server was Gabriella and she was great and went above and beyond to ensure we had everything we needed.\n\nThis place is still going through some growing pains but it is still early and I'm confident they'll get it right. If you want to see great decor, a swanky vibe and have some great food... Pick 6ix is a must.\n\nFood: 4/5\nService: 5/5\nAmbiance: 5/5\nPrice: 3/5
Tourist trap, but I guess you knew that.  I ordered the Cowboy Burger with onion rings for lunch. I'm not sorry to say this, but the burger was dry and no seasoning, the bun was fresh, rings were re-heated and extra brown/burnt (change the fry oil).  Spent the next hour on the crapper.  The hospitality was great with good service. Just go there for the music and drinks and you'll be fine.  YYMV!
People always say whichever Indian restaurant they frequent is the best,  but everyone I've taken to Banjara converts. It really is amazing hence the extraordinary crowd and take-out back log all weekend.\n\nJust go, don't expect to be wowed by the decor, it's all about the good food. \n\nLamb Roganjosh is the best we've had. Takeout is never disappointing.
Food: this place is testing your patience because the line up can be really really long but it's worth the wait! \nWe had 2 dishes: the sucré salé and Champi. Both choice were excellent but the hightlight is the Sucré salé. A perfect balance of sweet side with a thick, crispy outside and moist inside, french toasts with a marvelous sugar fudge sauce ( I'm still thinking about it) and salty side with another french toast with a egg and pulled ham. The combination of everything the salty with the sugar fudge sauce is just damn gooood!\n\nService: friendly and quick\n\nAmbiance: mix crowd. the decoration is nice with velvet chairs and mix of square and round tables.\n\nPrice: reasonable for a fancy breakfast \n\nConclusion: I'm coming back
This place was absolutely what my expectations would be. My first time at palace station oyster bar...let me tell you ill be coming back for sure. The oysters taste like they came staight from a fishing boat from the freshesh part of the pacific ocean. The chefs we extremely funny and friendly. We were quickly services. Overall great experience!!
Some local friends took us here and I'm soooooo glad they did!  It was worth the 40 minute drive from Scotsdale!  This place is so uniquely Phoenix and I almost wish it wasn't because I could love having a place like this back home in Texas!\n\nThe doughnuts are freshly made to order and you watch the process as you walk the line to receive your custom made doughnut.  I also loved the idea of getting a free doughnut with my "check in" and it was a great fluffy dessert, especially if you add the ice cream on top!  The wifey chose to opt out of the creamy addition and she was kicking herself and eating almost all of mine for it!\n\nI particularly love the explanation of the name and the company history that is given when you arrive...I leave that up to you to go and learn it for yourself!
I am not a local,and was in toronto on business. I was looking for something  close to the Hampton airport centre. I am pleased  to report, I discovered  a true gem. This place is awesome by any measure. The food was flavorful and creative - A reflection  of the talented chef that prepared  such an amazing dish. The great food, coupled with a full bar selection made the evening memorable. The bartender/waitress, was plesamt and attendant. More importantly, the kitxhen is open until MIDNIGHT!  DON'T DRIVE BUY THIS PLACE WITHOUT STOPP9NG BY. Old reviews need to be discarded in your analysis. Great vibe.
You must give this place a try! It's worth every penny and minute. From the exterior it looks like a closed hole in the wall restaurant, but once you walk in, the layout of the restaurant is refreshingly spacious. The customer sevice was completely gracious and kind...excellent service. Phoo was great! I really appreciated the complimentary Thai tea and traditional Thai fruit drink he gave me. I ordered the sukiyaki soup which was ready before I knew it. The portion was way more than I expected. It was enough for two! And it was sooo tasty! The prices are so reasonable. I'm so happy I found this restaurant. I'll definitely be returning soon.
A cozy smallish restaurant, where I found myself eavesdropping on the table next to us from time to time. For our appetizers we ordered foie gras and escargots. While I did enjoy the foie gras i thought the escargots were a bit too greasy, but then again it does say on the menu it's baked in garlic butter. \n\nAfter much deliberation, I finally agreed to be adventurous and ordered the horse tenderloin, I was glad I did. One of the best piece of steaks I've ever had. The meat was rare, tender, juicy and lean. There is a subtle difference in taste from beef and from horse meat, but after the first few bites I started to enjoy it. My date ordered a duck confit. That dish was disappointing, the dish was a soggy mess. \n\nFor dessert we ordered a lemon tart and a vanilla creme brulee. Both desserts were disappointing. The lemon tart did not have that lemon zing to it, and the crust was mushy. The creme brulee was OK, nothing mind blowingly good. I would come back for their horse tenderloin, and maybe try other items on their menu before I write this restaurant off.
Great small business cafe!\nMet my girlfriend here for a coffee on a weekday afternoon.  They have a small menu of hot and cold drinks.  I ordered a latte which was made perfectly.  The expression they used was smooth and rich.  They have a few food items too but didn't try any this time.  \nDefinitely recommend for a great coffee drink and nice atmosphere.
This review is based on one visit.\n\nFood: Tastes homey, the butter on the toast just glistens, bacon is nice and crisp. I got the big breakfast and shared half with a friend. Was really happy after eating it.\n\nAtmosphere & Service: I think our waitress name was Anastasia, still not sure, she was a very great waitress checking up on us once and clearing our table. I ordered my dish and was planning to share it with my friend on the same plate but the waitress gave us an extra plate because she knew we were going to share, we didn't have to ask, so it was really thoughtful of her! The restaurant looks rustic, I did not have a complete look at the place, however it was woody.\n\nPricing: The prices are reasonable for the amount of food (you get a lot, well to me it is). The daily lunch specials are a plus. The big breakfast came to be about $4.99, honestly I do not remember the price, will have to check up on that the next time I go there.\n\nI can't believe I have not knew about this place earlier.
What's the score of the soccer game? The guy who served us would know.  What he didn't know is what we ordered. The food is great, if only the service was the same.
Everything from the service to the food was great. Wings are crispy, Mac n cheese was a small serving but yummy, fries are addictive and they have an amazing beer selection. Sticky Monkey is not bad for 13.4%!
I've always had a good time here. There is a number of tables and machines, good amenities, and everything is well maintained. There's enough entertainment here to keep everyone busy even if you're not interested in gambling. \n\nThe down side here is that with Cowboys nightclub apart of this building, the crowd can be young and obnoxious. Also, due to its proximity to the Saddledome, it can get quite crowded here before or after an event. Though, with the casino being close to the Dome, you can conveniently make a stop here as part of your plans for the evening like having a place to grab dinner before a Flames game or to have drinks after.
Great new place in the area. Happy to have you so close to my home. I love the flavors of southern Indian cuisine. Will be back again. My only advice is it's super bright inside dim the lights a little to set the mood. Felt a little like I was in a dentist office.
We have ordered takeout and dined in the restaurant. Food has always been very good regardless of what we have ordered. Very nice atmosphere and friendly staff.
the reviews are right, awkward loction...but awesome place!\n\nfresh bread was divine.  the chef's treat was a mushroom cappucino with truffle foam was superb!  i dream of that again!\n\nwe had the rib entree for an app.  it is a meal, but who cares!  tender and fell off the bone! yummy for tha tummy\n\nwe had shrimp curry- it needed some coconut milk...but it was yummy enough...huge portion!  it will feed you for 3 days!\n\nwe also had the vietnamese salad.  it had grilled shrimp n eggrolls in it.  it was alot of food!  holy moly!\n\nlove the hot tea presentation!  great waitress....very attentive and helped us make dinner decisions.  thx!\n\nkeep up the good work!\n\npics coming soon...
Recently stopped by here to taste their famous "Angelina's Hot Chocolate", same one from Paris as stated by the owner. The hot chocolate was very good and tasty!! Different, but good different! It was rich but not too sweet, just the right amount. Had some biscuits, croissants and macarons that were also satisfying. Definitely going back! If you haven't yet, go try the hot chocolate cause it's worth it!
Really good pizza made in wood fired ovens.  Great flavor profiles on the pizzas.  Sides salads and apps were average.  Great selection of beer.  Best aspect of the place is the location on the busiest corner in NODA.  Great place if you're looking for a relaxed environment with great pizza.
11:32 on 5/12/18 and if this location is supposed to be 24/7 that's a lie. A line of cars was in the drive thru with no one answering. You could hear someone in the back making noise but no service for their customers. Shut this place down already and fire all involved honestly if you don't care about your customers then you shouldn't be in business. To make your paying customers wait and have to ask if anyone is available to assist them is absurd and worse TO HAVE NO ONE ANSWER.
Was pretty excited to try this place after reading some good reviews and have to say, extremely disappointed. The decor is cute and trendy but the food was average at best. For the first time in my life I had to send food back to the kitchen because the potstickers were still frozen on the inside. We were told the Orange Chicken is popular and needed another dish for the group and it tasted like gas station food. Some of the food came out hot, some lukewarm, and some frozen. Even the more authentic dishes - which I've eaten numerous times across the country - just don't taste right. \n\nAlso had three different servers during the course of the meal, all of which sat down together at a table right by my group during our meal for a meal of their own. I never have an issue with staff needing to eat but after issues with the food, it just capped off the experience to not have any service. \n\nIf you have to absolutely eat here, get the Chinese broccoli worung
We came here yesterday the server was very nice and polite. We came in a group of three and the bill came up to about $70. We found the price range to be similar to other Indian restaurants. The food was very good! We got mainly the Nepalese dishes and they were amazing! Most people here mentioned that the portion sizes were small but I thought it was reasonably sized. Overall good restaurant with good food and a great experience! \n\nTip: if you are going to get certain curries, it's best if you order some type of naan/poori/rice to eat with it as it doesn't usually come with it.
Take out is much faster since my last review! Love their Rumbi Stamp card too - who doesn't love free food?!
Probably my favorite favorite favorite taco place near UNLV! \n\nI ALWAYS order the same thing lol. I never get tired of it. I get the potato taco, fish taco, fries, and an order of guacamole. Their potato taco is heavenly. It's so unique and different. I honestly didn't think I was going to like it but I love it! I would put it under the have to try category. Their fish taco is alright. Their fries are good. Their guacamole... Is the best. It's my favorite guacamole in Vegas, if that means anything to anyone lol. I love guacamole & I think they have the best here. The fried Oreos are greaaaattt too!
I love this place. I have been going regularly with my best friend for the past several years. He's been coming to Black Forest since childhood with his parents. \nIt's simple and delicious fare. I always enjoy either the 8oz or 12oz filet, perfectly seasoned, cooked blue and super juicy. \nThey have the most delicious cheesy garlic bread around and the mushrooms are the bees knees. \nIt's a very old fashioned interior but clean and warm and the owners and staff treat you like family.
Went yesterday and was great as always.  Very good service and great food.  Server kept checking on table, refilling drinks, etc.  Always a great experience here.  All the staff is friendly and welcoming to their establishment.
I woke up hungry with a sudden craving for beignets. Realizing I was in Vegas and not NOLA I want expecting to find anything but I stumbled upon Eat in downtown. \n\nWe were seated quickly during a holiday weekend. I like the decor with the modern lights and the greenery inside. There was a lot of personality like a typewriter in the waiting space and a wall that says, "I'll see you in the flowers." I appreciate the open kitchen layout. \n\nWe shared the biscuits which came slathered in very sauce and topped with a generous portion of whole fruit: strawberries, blueberries, and blackberries. We also ordered the corn beef hash. Surprisingly flavorful, it came with two perfectly poached eggs and four pieces of sourdough. The two dishes were the perfect pairing of savory and sweet. \n\nMy only qualm: Drinks are a little pricey. $3 for coffee & $3 for an Arnold Palmer? I'm used to only paying a dollar or two for drinks, especially coffee.  The coffee here wasn't anything special but my fiance pointed out there were free refills on both drinks. \n\nI was happy with the service. One of the waiters (who wasn't even our waiter) came over and told me he was worried about someone stealing my camera. I appreciate the gesture & I'd totally return to give business to kind-hearted people.
Been here a few times. Every time, awesome service! Small place, but that's ok. I like the feel.  Brought my parents here whom were visiting from out of state, they loved the staff and food. I left my phone there that night. They called my husband to tell him and I picked it up the next day. So glad I got that back! Not many bar/restaurants where you would get your phone back. Also I highly recomment the fried pablano pepper things, or are they chili's.... I don't know. But they are good! They are my fave! Try them!
Indian flavored Sugar and Fast and Loose with the Credit Card. \nI went last year, so its been awhile so maybe they decided to use traditional recipes and not pad your credit card charge. I went for their lunch buffet. Every dish, except one or two, was sickenly sweet. It was like no other Indian restuarant I've ever been to. It was as if they had heard that Americans like sweet food, so they piled in the sugar. The daughter of the owner waited on me and she was very sweet (you could tell that it was a family owned business). I left her a $3.00 cash tip for my $7.99 lunch which I charged on my credit card. However when I got home and checked my credit account they had assessed an additional 15% on my card without telling me. I haven't been back, obviously, and I don't intend on returning anytime soon. Watch your wallet if you go. Their love of money goes way past their love of making good, traditional food.
Discovered this place recently, it's now my goto weekend dimsum place downtown.  This restaurant is authentic with their carts being pushed around, the way it should be.  Some of them can be aggressive and forgetful on what you have already ordered and continue to ask if you want the same thing that you're still trying to finish. \n\nThe portions are generous, tasty in an authentic way and priced appropriately.
Came here for all you can eat sushi for $20. I never even knew this place existed, but I was happy when my friends mentioned it. We visited on a weekend and it wasn't too over crowded. I don't love Japanese beer (too damn light for me), but the sushi we had was good. All fresh made so it takes a little while but it's worth it. The moshi soup was yummy, too.
Came in to see what this place was all about. Came in on Friday early dinner roughly about 5, not very busy YET and Came out with a hefty bill for less than mediocre food. The menu looks great at first sight, comfort food and I got excited, have I been missing out???? Here it goes.... Start with the drinks, you know there is something wrong when the margaritas are served on the same glass as the red wine is, I couldn't help but to feel ripped off. The same goes for their draft beers over charged as well for a lesser than small glass. I ordered soup of the day, since it's Friday we got clamp chowder, under seasoned really I think the cook forgot the salt.   Moving to the entrees. Prime rib ordered Med. By the looks of it it looked like it was the reheat from the night before, the entire plate warm at best nothings special about the under seasoned brussels, the beef jus served on a plastic cup was cold and when I did ask for a hot one my server did not hesitate to tell me that she boiled it in the microwave, probably where my prime rib was heated.. Flat iron steak ordered medium came out well done not a hint of pink, same warm sides as the the prime rib. The biggest joke was the Pork Chops, it's not a pork chop without the bone, call it pork loin cutlests, also under seasoned and over cooked and same sides as the others, crappy.  The fish and chips was the best dish ordered 3 out of 5, the slaw was tasteless, and hardly any "CHIPS" on the plate. Lastly the kids food, why is it that in some restaurants I becomes a second thought,  my kids first word out of their mouth. Oh boxed mac and cheese. Needless to say no desserts were NOT ordered.\n\nWhen walking out the place was pretty full and led me to think one thing. The owner is sitting on a gold mine of regulars that may been going there for some time and don't care about the food but rather the embiance. Well, only if he could get head cook and a well trained kitchen staff that could execute the menu correctly this place would be great. \n\nI have never felt this much ripped off while dinning out.
Out of the three days and two nights spent in this city... The food/atmosphere @ Capo's was more fun enjoyable than any of the high end skyline views of any restaurant I ate at near/on the strip!!!\n\nSo glad we tried this spot out ... Being Sicilian/Italian I love the mafia decor in this place!\n\nThe house salads were fresh, good quality lettuce, and quite tasty too!!  My mom ordered the burger and I got the Italian beef both were very good!!  Honestly, the Italian beef here was one of the best I've ever had ... I loved the fact that the beef was very lean and thinly sliced!!! \n\nThe service was great and I love the speakeasy concept of having to ring the bell and give a password to get in ... Fun times!! I will be back for sure as the food was well priced, good service, and most important it was a fun very cool experience!!
I wanted to like this place.  It's really close to where I live and I love Mediterranean food.  I held off on doing a review until I had tried it out multiple times.  However, after trying many items on their menu, Parsley just doesn't deliver. The ingredients don't seem fresh, the food is bland, and the overall quality is mediocre at best and sub-par at worst.  For example, every time I had their baklava it was stale.  \n\nThe employees are nice and attentive.  The prices are reasonable and the portions are large, but it was definitely a case of quantity over quality.  Maybe my standards for Mediterranean food are too high, but I don't think I'll be going back.
First off, let me start by saying that my wife and I have ordered from burgerfi roughly a half of a dozen times. We continued giving them a try out of convenience, given the location. Well, convenience isn't selling this place for me anymore. \n\nI've been waiting to review this place, in hopes that maybe once they'd get my order correct. Secondly, let me point out that these specialty orders are typically conducted over their online ordering system, where communication of the order is pretty straight forward, given the written word and all. \nI'd be impressed if they were able to make a custom order correctly just once...  But that never came. \n\nNo more stops here out of convenience, that's for sure. \n\nNot to sound too harsh, but I don't understand (or question, rather) how this place is maintaining profitability, given the prices and inconsistent (or in some cases, absent) positive qualities...
okay so I'm a little upset now that i read these reviews because i DID NOT know about this free limo service/ strip club thing that obviously everyone else and their moms is clued into so I'm sure if that was the case i might have given an extra 2 or 3 stars. BUT other then that here's my review coming from a girl- a girl who loves strip clubs and the strippers that hustle her out of her money. \n\ncame with a local guy [ my friends work buddy ] while he was handling the valet sitch we walk in to the front [ 4 girls its about 4-5am?? drunk after club hopping] and get told we CANNOT ENTER without the presence of a male escort, \nWTF!??!?!? i will slap the sh*t outta you hoe. \n\nWTF not? i ask oh so belligerently and obviously politely =] \n\nbecause we have to make sure your not here to work the room. \n\nWe i get it i mean yea hookers are legal here- \nsmart idea pick up on some turned on guys rarin to go and offer them discounted prices to leave now and not give it to strippers.- i understand so we wait til our "male escort" comes up \n\nbut what if he is our pimp? doesn't THAT make a little more sense? THE lamest rule i have EVER heard and i am sooooooooooo glad we had him with us or i would have poss. went to jail for ripping the rude front door girls weave off after being told we can't come in just cuz we also have vaginas. \n\nanyways. after hearing the absurd rule we are ordered to pay $50 bux each for entry- this includes your 2 drink min. \n\nWTF?!? okay so i have heard of high prices before for entry- even had to pay $20 bux once or twice maybe even thrice but $50? geeezus. \nOh well it included your 2 drink min. which was AWESOME because that INCLUDES booze! whoohooo! but with the booze comes the panty rule boooooooooo. drink booze= no nude. FINE! grrrr. \n\nluckily our local friend didn't have to pay and footed the bill for the 4 of us because he had recommended this place to begin with. So yay! \n\nthe chicks are really hott. Like really really pretty and def. worth seeing. \nBUT \nthe buck stops there. \n\nno pole tricks- so disappointing. I am a sucker for pole tricks and i was super bummed about not even seeing 1 single trick after being there 2 hours. \n\ngot a lap dance courtesy of my friend since i was so bummed about no tricks. \n\nshe did it right there on the couch in front of everyone which was OK i guess but being a girl i felt a little strange knowing that i had 60 eyes glued to me with awe and lesbian fantasies. \n\nand i felt a little weird when the guy down from us got his on the couch in front of everyone too- its hard trying not to look hahah. \n\nthe girl who did my dance was cool, nice, clean, fun, but she kept repeating "wow " over and over and i had to pinch my girlfriends leg to help from totally busting out laughing at her. It was super short and not very good but eh i was drunk and didn't pay for it to begin with so whatevs. \n\nthe club itself is HUGE lots of diff. little areas- didn't get swarmed on to bad by guys- they mostly left their grabbin for the dancers which is always appreciated. Just one group of douche bags from some foreign country who thought it was okay to follow us around and be annoying. \n\nps. also the first time i have EVER ordered food from a strip club [ I'm laughing even thinking about it now hah but it was 6 am and we were wassssted] we got some sort of appetizer platter and it def. wasn't one of the worst i had ever had. hahah \n\nbut yea 2 stars only for how hot the strippers were and for the booze factor. \n\neverything else minus minus minus.
Amazing. The food is awesome, and the staff is friendly. If you haven't tried the chicken or the Gyro, you need to.
Love sea food?  Love variety and getting more than your money's worth?  Then you need to check out Red Lobster.  It always has great service and meals that are filling and delicious. Be careful not to fill up in their garlic bread (they're so tasty) or you won't have to on for the entree. \n\nI love the coconut shrimp and the fettuccine.  Oh and the clam chowder, stuffed mushroom caps and mozzarella sticks.  Enjoy!
You must try their Singaporean Stir Fried Turnip Cake!!!! It's insanely delish!!\nAlso, their Singaporean Vermacelli, their Yeung Chow Fried Rice, their beef Ho Phun.... well, any of their noodles and fried rice are awesome.\n\noh, but don't try their Thai dishes..... it's not their forte.  But then what were you thinking? it's CONGEE Queen, a HK style cafe!!  :P
They are not shy about the amount of food, deliciously well done, kid friendly. If you are in a chill mood for waiting for great food!! Then this is the place!
February 9, 2017: My wife & I went to this restaurant and really loved the Porkchop and linguine with meat sauce  as well as the portobello mushroom.
Disappointed.  Usually come here a couple times per year.  Service extremely slow. Brought out overcooked steak.  Drinks were made poorly.  Moscow mule tasted like vodka straight up.  Overcharged us on a scotch even though menu gave lower price.  No apologies from\nManagement.  Consider alternative steakhouses.  Plenty to choose from.
Great service from the start. They were able to accommodate my table of 9 during prime time hours and food was superb. Friendly staff, will definitely be back.
So far this is my favorite sushi place I've been to since living in Vegas. They are a good variety and every roll I have had is delicious. They also have a good appetizer selection.
This is one of my favorite places to go when I just want something yummy and fast. I always get the tuna tataki salad, its real light and the dressing is amazing plus they don't short you on tuna. The staff is always great and I feel like I'm having a meal with them even when I'm alone. Definitely recommend it for quick lunches or casual dinner.
A few buddies and I flew in from around the country for a bachelor party. A couple of Latin friends weren't allowed entry for dress code purposes. When we asked them to specify, they said No athletic shoes. We then pointed out that other people were wearing athletic shoes. They then specified "no Jordans". \n\nSeems like an arbitrary rule designed to keep out brown folks. Racism doesn't sit well with us. We don't recommend this place.
Had an early dinner here last weekend. The service was outstanding and the good was good too. The Focaccia bread they serve for their bread service was moist and flavorful. I took our server's suggestion and ordered the Chicken Parm dinner. The pasta was good but not great. The chicken however was cooked perfectly. I would certainly recommend this spot to anyone looking for a new place for Italian in Vegas.
The Black Pig makes me reconsider every other 5-star review I've given on Yelp. It's that good. \n\nOrdered the 3-course tasting menu--your whole bill is 20% at the bar during happy hour--and it was worth. every. penny.\n\nThe service was a little slow between the first and second courses, and I would agree with some of the other reviewers that said they seemed a bit apathetic, but it was not enough to deter me from undoubtedly giving this place 5 stars. They did apologize for the wait, but more importantly, the food is to die for.\n\nI got the poached apple fennel salad, which was incredible!! @The Black Pig, feel free to message me your apple poaching technique at any time. The main course was braised short ribs, the portion was large enough that I took half home. They had some sunchokes served with it that were so perfect. I didn't know a person could love sunchokes so much. My only complaint was I wanted more sunchokes. Then onto dessert--apple cider pannacotta with cinnamon biscotti. My friend said "Wow, this is the best thing I've ever put in my mouth," and I would agree. \n\nWill 100% be returning to The Black Pig if for nothing else than to beg for some recipes.
We ordered walnut shrimp, beef lo mein,  sesame chicken, and pot stickers(they didn't make it to take a photo)!!  All of the food was exceptionally tasty.  No complaints! This is our second time ordering from Rose Garden and this is our new favorite take out!!
Overall my wife and I had really good experience at Victor. The only drawback was that I after confirming with the waiter that my curry meal is not spicy, I've ordered it and it ended up being very spicy. However I want to thank the waiter for not charging me for my meal since I couldn't finish it. Other food, wine, and service were really good.
Every time I'm in the area I stop by for a couple sliders. They have had the same staff for many years, which proves that the owner treats his employees as well as his guests. Great piece of Chicago here in Phoenix!
The food is great, the enterior is great, but the food servings are a little small and the prices are a little too high for the area. If you are around Casino Center and Charleston and have extra money to burn, then stop in. Wednesday nights are great to go to and watch the Flameology fire spinners outside on the patio area, or on Saturdays you can listen to some whack job poets out there. I give it 3 stars because of the portion size and price. If you go to the bar attached to it, you'll dig the place, but not the drink prices. They are about about 20% more than Artifice RIGHT next door.
Amazing food, great wine list and an interesting atmosphere. Love the bar/lounge!
My husband and I walked in about 8:30 on a Wednesday night and asked for a table for 2.  The hostess was completely thrown that we had just walked in and didn't have a reservation.  As in, she really didn't know what to do.  As she sat there looking confused and looking around the restaurant, my husband suggested that we could grab a drink at the bar while she figured it out.  She looked relieved and went off to talk to a gentleman who worked there (we presumed about our seating).  \n\nMeanwhile husband ordered a martini, and I a glass of $18 wine.  At least it was a big pour.  The wine list was out of control expensive without being out of control excellent.  My baseline is Veuve Clicquot Yellow Label - in the local wine stores here, I can buy it retail for $35-40/bottle.  On this menu, it was $125.  After having a tremendous bottle of Rioja the night before at Stripsteak (at $85) that we were still reminiscing about while at the bar, we decided that by the glass was probably the best way to go.\n\nAfter about 20 minutes, we determined that our previous night's meal was so good, that neither of us would be opposed to going back if we weren't going to be seated by the end our our drinks.  Ten minutes later, husband paid the bar tab, the hostess was nowhere to be seen, and we took off for another delicious steak down the strip.
I was craving good pad Thai and have yet to find many places in the city that can do it right. Decided to try nothing but noodles because at least my kids would find something they liked there, unlike most Thai places. \n\nI was pleasantly surprised with the pad Thai! Good sauce, perfect noodles, veggies were crisp and delicious, eggs good, peanuts good! My only complaint was that the chicken was severely overcooked. Next time  I'll try a different protein.
Not that I have anything super-original to say about our dear Thai Taste, but I have to agree-- it's the best Thai in Charlotte, and I wish it was better. But when you need a bowl of steaming curry, you know where you can find it, at least, eh?\n\nSomewhat authentic flavors, if a bit toned down, mixed with a pleasant waitstaff and lovely atmosphere make this a place I look forward to. Do remember: if you're going to have lunch here, brave the crowds and eat in, as the take-out lunch portions are much smaller than the eat-in's and don't come with soup.
I vacation in Vegas and my boyfriend took me here one night. By the end of my stay I attended 4 sessions. Definitely highly addicted. Can't wait to come back. I suggest getting a player's card to get discounts.
So fun and delicious. Enjoyed my seafood with my with the Captain Boil sauce in medium heat. I love spicy food and that is the perfect spiciness for my taste bud ! Cute concept of no plates and utensils. Definitely recommend corn with the seafood. Yam fries were yummy. Don't recommend the fish and chips and chicken fingers. Stick to the fresh seafood.
Unfortunately recents visits have been not so good, this place seems like it's lost it's quality of food. The crab cakes have changed for the worse, they are no longer jumbo lump mounds that you would get in a place that knows how to prepare them. The last time I got crab cakes here, they were very small and had a horrible taste, almost as if they are mixing in fish for filler. I couldn't stand their flavor so I left them off the salad. Sorry 131, but I won't be back, there are way too many good restaurants around to settle for less than average.
This place was one of those make your own pizza places. The whole process from ordering, choosing toppings, and receiving the baked end result was quite a breeze. I loved that they had eggs as one of their topping options.\n\nTaste is quite good for my palette, though I kinda wished that the crust was a bit crispier and had more charcoal texture. Overall, it's a good place to grab a quick bite of good pizza!
Quality of food has changed drastically.  The Sierra sandwich looked like something you make at home with packaged deli meat.  The baked potato soup had zero taste. It's just a white soup.  It was gross.  I was really disappointed with this lunch.  We won't be back.
Quality of pita bread is fresh and yummy. Great quality healthy food. Fast and fresh every time.
I came here for 5 days straight. Loved everything about it... from the price to the staff. So cheap yet so good. The spicy tofu soup is great so are the kimbaps. Plus unlimited kimchi and potatoes.. perfect for the cash strapped student.
Dont go there early in morn. They dont serve chicken till 10:30.  Good donuts.  Maybe will try again but its long drive to find that out especially in rush hour
Went here for Mother's Day and the place was packed! The service was good and so was the food. It's a bit pricey but well worth it! I might come back as a fancy date night with the hubby when I'm in the area as South Point is far from me. If you're looking for an upscale eating experience then this place is nice for that.
OK, it's not Nobu, no celebrity chef behind the kitchen doors and no fancy plates or tablecloths but this was the only place I visited twice during my stay (and can't wait to go back to). Nothing fancy, just Mexican families, bikers, normal people enjoying true Mexican tacos: delicious, greasy, spicy. And at $2 each, best value in Vegas!\nTo order you have to queue in different lines according to which tacos you want: one line for spicy pork, one for tongue, etc. and then bring your tray to the cash, pay and hope for a table to be available (or take your order to go). \nCrowded at all hours so be patient! no alcoholic beverages, just sodas and "aguas frescas" (horchata is my favorite). My favorite tacos, it's a tough choice because all are delicious but I guess the spicy pork and tongue are the most special (the double tortilla is great, that way you don't spill the filling all over). \nIt's just a 10 min. walk from the Wynn/Palazzo/TI/Fashion Mall intersection.
Small, clean place with good service - server came back a couple of time asking if we were ok.  Noodle was good and tasty! I would come back again for a quick ramen meal.
Date & Time:  Wednesday July 8, 2015 @ Noon\nLocation:  Caesar's Casino Level\nDining Companions:  Mommy & Husband\nScene:  Couples & Groups in Tank Tops, Shorts & Flat Strappy Sandals\nDecor:  All-White Banquettes & Table\nService:  Hot Hostesses in Asian-Inspired MiniDresses & Efficient Servers\nImbibe:  Hot Soy Bean Milk\nDevour:  Beijing Buns & Shanghai Dumplings\nTotal:  $75.60
Awesome lunch sandwiches at the market. Nice find while visiting the area. Really helpful and friendly staff.
I first visited shortly after they opened. Initially I was pleased but not blown away. I tried again and they exceeded my expectations. \n\nI had the BEAT sandwich. Fresh and flavorful - the portion was great!\n\nGood coffee and excellent service. With so many excellent options for breakfast within one mile, I can definitely say I will be back here again.
The people know us. The food is awesome. And it's a very casual environment--great for our loud toddler. Lol.
This has to be the slowest, most undesirable Burger King I have ever visited. The customer service level is the lowest level possible.
Can we say big daddy's sauce is da bomb! A vegetarian is saying this mind you. Fried pickles are the kosher pickle kind with the crispy breading with addictive non valley's ranch ranch dip YUM! All of a sudden the queen of will power is bumming tater tots off her co-workers plates. Not a coincidence my friends the food is worth the wait in line at lunch. Not to mention a tater tot dip in big daddy's sauce. Seriously love the place. Sometimes I hate the sub-par service but I will keep going back for more. It is hard to get burger fans and vegetarians to agree on a place for lunch. This place is it. On a side note for those meat eaters the meat is hormone free and grass fed burgers. Hooray!
My experience was a great one and I would recommend going to Harrah's or it's affiliates you won't be disappointed. Loved every minute of my stay in vegas!!!!
One of my favorite places to eat in Mesa! The stuffed meatloaf is my favorite for dinner - always delicious. For lunch I usually stick with the salad room - everything you need is there. Vegetables, premade specialty salads, soups, rolls and even fruit, puddings and cookies.\nThe service is always excellent. The main dining room is inviting, with the large windows, paintings and display of soup turines, it's ike eating in someone's home - but better.
Hey, they also serve lunch and that experience was just as good as breakfast. The turkey club had all the normal ingredients and included some decent turkey, crisp bacon and pretty good thicker style fries. My chicken wrap acyually could have used some bacon, but was still solid with lots of sliced chicken, lettuce, avocado and tomato I think. The honey mustard sauce which was served on the side was great for the sandwich and my upgraded sweet potato fries as well. Now we have a lunch option at Butters and at 1:30pm, guess what, no wait.
They had a decent selection of cookies and ice cream. The girls  there were quite helpful, patient and nice. I had the snickerdoodle and caramel ice cream it was the greatest.
Let's start by saying that I am an egg Benedict nerd.  I love nothing more than a perfectly poached egg and a solid hollandaise, any flavor hollandaise for that matter as long as it is rich, creamy, and made from scratch.  Snooze has got it!! 6 different types of Benedict!! I was in heaven!  My fiancé had the corned beef hash which was more corned beef than hash which I greatly appreciated.  The gazpacho Bloody Mary and Bangkok Bloody Mary were awesome, great house Bloody Mary mix and you call it vodka.  Did I mention that I am a Bloody Mary nerd as well!! All around solid place. The atmosphere is retro hip yet still being a very comfortable environment.  I will have many more visits here. I left one star out for the service.  It was not incredibly attentive but not unfriendly.
So my husband and I were looking for a Vietnamese restaurant in our area and found this place.  We went three times.  The first time was quite good, the spring rolls were fresh and vermicelli was tasty.  \n\nSecond time service was terrible, we were ignored until hubby went up and asked for service and we had to ask for water three times.  \n\nThird time same issue with service and water.  The big issue this time was we watched a server drop a sauce bottle on the floor then put it right back on the table without making an effort to clean it off or replace.  Major no-no for anyone who has an issue with germs.  Food is good but will not be going back. Ever.
The workers here are so sweet.  I am one of the bad customers that end up sampling over 10 different gelatos.  They were wonderful because none of the workers complained!  In other words, great customer service!  As for the gelato, it's extremely tasty and it comes with a little wafer or cookie straw that adds that special addition to your gelato.  My favorite flavors are the pistachio, almond, strawberry, cheesecake, and salty caramel.  I always end up getting two flavors.  Make sure if you do this, get two flavors that compliment each other (don't get two that are very sweet or you will regret like me).   \n\nThis place is great for a date with a friend or lover.  It's big and some areas have a cushion area where you can sit close.
Been coming here recently for many special holidays and occasions. Still not impressed with their service and quality of food presented. \n\nSince they have moved to their new location at Finch and Kennedy Rd. Their portions and quality have suffered. \n\nThe lobster and crab they show you does not end up being the one cooked for you ! They give less of the meat once it is presented to you. \n\nThis visit we came we order our usual Combo e that has lobster and crab. The crab was leftovers or previously made the evening before as if it were re heated as the crab was dry as a bone when we took it out of shell. \n\nLobster mountain was more like a Lobster Bump from what we usually have is a large tower. Not impressed at how much they are ripping off loyal customers. \n\nThe inconsistency of this place is ridiculous especially at the price you are paying for this meal ! \n\n\nWe purchased 3 of their gift coupons which are 150$/coupon but was onsale for 100$ each. They only allow one per table and must be paid cash. \n\nI still never felt I had a 5 star experience or even close to. Some days we got lucky with our food and they gave us exactly what we saw in the bin, but mostly this place does steal your meat and $$$ and add old food to your meal. \n\nYou can get better quality and quantity at other restaurants too or buy your own 15lbs of lobster for that cost ! \n\nGood luck to whoever goes there next.
This place majorly went down hill. They must've gotten a new chef because it used to be very good but now not so much. Everything tastes different compared to how it tasted previously. The chicken tikka misala being the main disappointment. it used to be so good with so much flavor but it now is approaching being bland and is also a different color.
Always come here every Friday from work with my coworker. Jamburritos with chicken, steak and fish have all been really great and so are their nachos. Really big portions, fair price and the staff is always on point with being friendly. Definitely recommend and I'll be continuing to eat here every Friday
This place has unique food, although it is kind of small, so you feel rushed to eat. But if you are going for drinks and a quick bite, the environment is great!
Hmmmm...well waited 20 minutes for table and then sat at table for 10-15 minutes with NO ONE checking on us. Got up and left. So not sure if good or not but seemed overpriced. Cute atmosphere though! \n\n\n** updating my review as I got a very nice message from the manager apologizing for our long wait and no server coming over. So the next time I bring my kids to Vegas I would definitely give it a try again.
A local spot for me.  Always consistent with the food and good value and quality.  The all you can eat has a pretty big selection.  There is a lunch special menu with a good variety to choose from with very reasonable prices.  Take out is available and very quickly made.  The atmosphere is casual and always a seat even when busy...I've never had to wait.
Had the double cheeseburger and it was phenomenal.  Fries were ok - it sort of reminded me of Ore-Ida fries that come from the freezer, but it was just ok.  The shakes were pretty good too.  Pricing of the burgers were decently priced.  I think the fries were expensive for what it was.  The way it works is that you order from the counter.  You're given a notifier for your order.  Once it's ready, you pick up your food at the counter.  Dining area was clean.  There are LCD TVs throughout airing sports.  All in all, great burger.  I'll be back.\n\nGiven the location, you would figure they would be open late.  On the weekends, they're open until 2am.  Sunday through Thursday, they close at midnight.  You're on the Strip!!!  We just came out of a Cirque show around 1100pm.  By the time, we got out of Mandalay Bay, it was about 11:45pm and was sad to find out Shake Shack closed at Midnight.  Bummer.  But I made it at opening time before our flight back home.\n\nTIP:  Hook up to NYNY's WiFi for free
Had dinner there during restaurant week, ended up with a late reservation at 9pm.  Showed up around 8:45, the place was just starting to slow down and clear out.  The hostess told us that they were clearing off some tables and it wouldn't be long.  Well, the hostess disappeared around 9 and we waited another 15 minutes for her to show back up, as we were the only ones waiting up front.  \n\nAshlynn, the server, was very polite and attentive.  For $30 for restaurant week, I was pretty disappointed.  We all got the clam chowder, and it was not hot, it wasn't cold either, but it was definitely just a hair above luke-warm.  Disappointing.  The entrees were delicious, that's about the only thing I can say.  We ordered the cheesecake for dessert, and it came out frozen!  Seriously?  The server was nice and told us to order any other dessert off the menu, we ended up taking a pecan pie and chocolate cake to go, and those ended up being just "meh".  \n\nI did notify the manager of our dissatisfaction, but at this point, it was 10pm on a Saturday night, and I'm not sure he truly cared.\n\nOverall, an underwhelming experience.  We wont be back.
This place is a very cool and unique idea. All menus are on the back of old record album covers. The beer selection is very good and if you want it I'm going to assume they have it. The idea behind the food is that everything is made on a grilled cheese sandwich on thick French bread. I am a big burger fan so I always get the hamburger in the grilled cheese but they have just about anything you would ever want to order on the sandwiches. I do not like the hours. I don't live in the area since they opened so when we are local we make sure to stop for lunch or dinner. When I come in for lunch during the week I have found that they aren't open. I think they only open for lunch on Friday thru Sunday. The place is large enough that we rarely ever have to wait for seating and since this place is located in a shopping plaza it is easy to find a spot.
Scottsdale is a tough crowd. I noticed all the other Capriotti's in the valley have a 4 star rating on Yelp and this location has a 3 star rating.\n\nI've eaten at Capriotti's a lot since it has opened and have found that the sandwiches are consistently good and the service is great. A "small" sandwich is 9 inches, I wouldn't even contemplate ordering anything larger. And believe it or not they have a "medium" and a "large" sized sandwich. I really urge the corporate office to start serving 6 inch sandwiches in order to get the price point down. A sandwich and drink basically hits the $10 mark, which is a little too much for a fast food joint.\n\nMy Favorite sandwich is The Bobbie. It's like eating Thanksgiving Dinner in a bun. When I first tried this combination of cold turkey (real turkey), cranberry sauce and stuffing (hold the mayo) I thought no way this could be good. I was hooked once I took my first bite. Yum - a perfect combination of food, like eating Thanksgiving leftovers. I've enjoyed the Cran-Slam Club and The Italian Sausage sandwich as well. I'm determined to try the rest of the sandwiches, but I keep on returning to The Bobbie.\n\nThey have a couple of flat screens and seem to play a lot of "live" type songs from the Eagles, Beattles, Simon & Garfunkle, Springsteen, etc. A great place to sit back and chill. \n\nP.S. - Park in the Wal-Mart parking lot across the street to save your sanity.
House of Taipei has become a "family" spot for me to eat in or grab take out. Staff is wonderful and always helpful whether it is opening the door for me or helping me find a new dish to try. So glad I live right down the road! \n\nMy favorite dishes if you want a recommendation: chicken lo mein, egg rolls (YUM), chicken skewers and chicken fried rice.
Great location on the strip, great desserts! \n\nFrozen hot chocolate is the bomb! We enjoyed the wide selection of the menu and it's very interesting to try something new all the time :) \n\nThe service could have been better.  Too long of a wait for just desserts..
Ain't no thang like a damn good chicken wang.\n\nI love watching football here. They are carefully sectioned off so you can sit with your team. It's pretty crowded on Sundays but the service is great. With great game day specials, it makes it easy on the wallet to order wings. their awesome seasoned french fries, burgers (are half off on weekends) and end everything with their better-than-Oreganos cookie pie.\n\nI know cookie pies are the thing but this place really knows how to make girls fat. Cooked in a skillet, the dough is still gooey in the center and topped with delicious vanilla ice cream. I just drooled on the keyboard typing this.\n\nCome on down to Half Moon to cheer on your favorite sports team!
Amazing menu with great assortment. Good "southern" sides and pickled   onions are really, really good.  Hubby had brisket and it was spoon tender. I had burnt ends. Fabulous. Small size platters were really not so small. Great assortment of beers and various wines and the hard stuff.  Nice atmosphere, very friendly staff and quick service.  Very relaxed atmosphere with lots of TV.
First time visiting big smoke and I do not have many good things to say. It took 10 min for the food to be cooked and in a food court, that's just too long. The burger meat was low quality and nowhere near the quality of burgers priest or holy chuck yet it is being sold for the same price. Fries were overcooked and seasoned. I personally didn't mind the seasoning however their was no mention of that on the menu. The toppings were fresh but everything else was disappointing. Take a drive down the street to burgers priest and you will see a 5 star burger joint. The only reason they get 2 stars is because my girlfriend really enjoyed the fries and all the toppings were fresh.
This place wasn't that great it has variety but not that great.I was excited to try it but I was very disappointed  with the food and the service is horrible we had to get up and actually stop the server to get a drink refill!!! It's a little overpriced.
Expensive - yes. Will I go back - probably. \nDecent enough vegetarian options but man these sandwiches are HEAVY - could not possibly eat more than one a week (even the vegetarian ones!!).  Every sandwich can be customized, which is nice! Very friendly and funny staff.
Totally empty on a Thursday afternoon. We were looking for a smoothie place and they advertised it on a sign on the sidewalk.\n\nThe cashier/barista guy is really cute ;)\n\nMy husband had a smoothie, I had a baguette sandwich (avacado, brie, tomato). Everything seemed really fresh. It was a great mid day snack.\n\nBonus: Free Wifi  (just ask the cute guy behind the counter for the password)
On a Friday night, I stumble upon this restaurant in downtown. When I went in, I asked the server for advices on what to eat. He recommends me the chicken thigh for a juicier taste. My meal comes with a chicken thigh, fries and salads. The drink, you order separately from the combo. \n\nWhen I took a bite of the chicken, I was humbly surprise that it tastes very good. Usually, I only like BBQ chicken, this one satisfy my cravings. \n\nOverall, I give this place a 4 out 5. I took a star out because they don't have ribs for my bf on that night. I am joking! I think this place is good but it needs some improvement on their menu choices.
We recently moved to this side of town, and for the whole have been disappointed by the dining in this area,  This hands down is the best pizza I have had in a very long time and is one of the saving graces to moving.
This past weekend, there was a deal for all Harrah's players card owners...$34.99 for access to 7 of the 8 Harrah's casino buffets.  With that said, the lines were even LONGER than usual, but it's Vegas, the lines for the buffets, except for breakfast are always long.  For some people, people don't like to get up for early morning buffets; probably still recovering from the previous night of partying/gambling/dabauchery :)  \n\nVegas is Vegas; so parking - enough said; and Service - well, it's Vegas, just like with gambling, the house has the edge and it's hit and miss for us patrons :)\n\nSo now onto my FOOD reviews....\n\nThe Carnival World buffet, once you get past the line(again for breakfast; at roughly 8:30AM there was NO line at all, but less of a selection as well, so it's better to go for the latter of the two meals) is probably one of the most comprehensive ones as far as food coverage.  They sample such a variety of things that it's tough to remember them all, but from east to west, it's mostly there.  Pasta, to steak and prime rib, to asian food, to salad to dessert.   Usually, the food is pretty good, but with any buffet, especially one that's literally catering to about 1000 people per day, it won't be the best quality.   Esp when it comes to items such as seafood or meat on the rare-side...everything tends to be on the more-cooked side; I'm assuming simply to avoid lawsuits for food poisoning on things of that matter...  Anyway, probably one of the bigger buffets available.  My advice, a little of everything goes a long long way :)\n\nThe place is pretty huge, so there's more than enough room to seat a large party; you'll just have to wait a little bit.  I would recommend to just break your party up into a couple of smaller groups and see if you can get seated near each other, usually works wonders.
So far, in Toronto, I've been to Kenzo, Kinton and Ajisen, but this place blows them out of the water.\n\nI had the Shoyo Cha-shu Ramen (Shoyu based ramen with extra pork) with some gyoza. The gyoza was quite delicious, I had it without any dipping sauce because these tasty dumplings had some flavourful juice inside, similar to Taiwanese soup dumplings, but with less juice. Very tasty, but I found the wrapping to be a bit too chewy.\n\nOn to the main event: the ramen. It was outstanding. Only at a few ramen places can you really tell that the broth has been made with time and love, and this is one of those places. Shoyu broth is quite salty and savoury, and it was a bit creamy as well. There was a depth of complexity in each spoonful. The ramen noodles were on the thin side, but had a great texture, not too soft, and had bounce. They complemented the pork's texture well. Ah, the pork was so good! Get the Cha-shu version of the ramen if you love pork, because you'll love theirs. The seaweed and bamboo shoots were also delicious. The only thing in the bowl that wasn't complementary was the naruto. I love naruto, but this one was just a little too boiled and chewy, without much flavour.\n\nThe restaurant is kept very clean. The service was wonderful, they were very nice people. They entertained our attempts at speaking Japanese with them, too :)\n\nMust try! It's worth the half-hour wait.
Not authentic Chinese by any means, but definitely a great place for a decent, inexpensive meal. The huge, satisfying portions will run about $7-10 and they come with white or fried rice & a veggie roll, egg roll, or chicken wings! I have tried quite a few things over the years from veggie lo mein, steamed vegetables, and veggies & tofu in garlic sauce, but my favorite will always be the sesame tofu. There aren't any vegetables in it, but I add some for $1 extra. I also tried the steamed vegetable dumplings once. They were pretty good, & HUGE, but a weird seafoam green color, which was kind of off-putting. On my last visit, I tried the general tofu but it wasn't spicy at all so I just ate the dried chili peppers that were in the sauce. Some things seem like a good idea at the time but eventually you will find out it was actually a pretty shitty idea..\n\nBF's go-to order is the general scallops with white rice & chicken wings. Both of our meals run about $20 including the tip which is a STEAL. For some reason, we usually end up here on Sundays and this place is packed! The ladies who work here are very sweet, but because it's so busy, they may be a little short with you, which I don't really mind, I'm not here to make friends. Service is quick & our drinks are constantly being refilled. \n\nIf you like modestly priced, dinosaur-sized portions of non-crappy Americanized Chinese food, this is the place to be!
Always here on Sundays and every time great food and nice to chill while listening to karaoke. Great people.
Absolutely love this place!! A+ customer service and the best Mexican fast food in Henderson!! I swear I eat here at least twice a week!! Really good prices and quality of food is top notch!
This review is strictly for the bakery/patisserie take-out experience. \n\nThe cashier-server was being trained on that shift (that's fine!) she didn't really acknowledge me and finished chatting with the more senior staff while I'm waiting to order right in front of her. Maybe it's her first job, a bit slow with everything. \n\nPastry-run for the family. Don't bother wasting your calorie quota on the cinnamon bun. Too dry, just sweet, not really flavours in it. Salted choco chip cookie - don't bother either. Rather have a chocolate chip from Portland Variety, Baked Shoppe, and Le Gourmand.\n\nCakes on the other hand were a delight. Be it raspberry, chocolate cake, white chocolate cheesecake, they were all good. Worth a try and a repeat! It's pretty too.
One of my favourite places for unwinding after a day at work or school. Have an absinthe or an olde fashioned or a mint julep or a Sazerac or a Bloody Mary with extra horseradish. Try the devilled eggs.
I was very happy with Le Village buffet's breakfast. everything was so delicious! there were many items and the crepe station was fantastic. They had this apple streusel stuff that was amazing! Lunch was good too but not as great as breakfast. wish they had crab legs..... I will definitely go back!
Coming here once was enough. Would have rated this 3.5, but I'll give it a 4.\n\nIf you want to take a break from the strip and ride the WAX or SDX somewhere safe to do some shopping, then this place is it.\n\nThis outdoor complex is very nice and clean, and a lot of the employees there are quite friendly. The coupon book, however, isn't impressive since they require you to spend a lot in order to get a discount. \n\nYou'll definitely find at least one store to check out and see what they have on sale. They also have a Starbucks there as well, which accepts gift cards.\n\nCheers!
It's the best in Vegas. But for the Cali kids, it doesn't measure up to places like Au 79, Half and Half, Fantasia, or even Ten Ren. Their classics are superior to the other items on their menu. The boba is made fresh in house and is always of an excellent consistency. Never too hard, never too chewy.\n\nThe problem is that the milk teas are either watered down or just too creamy. They come off as diluted milkshakes. The tea is meager and barely detectable. \n\nWhat else? It's open relatively late (11 p.m. weekdays, midnight weekends), and though the space is small, there usually tends to be an open table and is a decent study spot if you're able to handle the high foot traffic.\n\nAgain, superior to all other boba shops out here and it's the only one that would survive in the California market.\n\nAlso, The Bruce Lee figurines are pretty sweet.
The lunch specials are amazingly delicious with generous portions for a very reasonable price. The service was top notch.
Absolutely love this place!  Pretty much everything we have had has been amazing.  The freshest pasta around....you can taste the difference.  Lasagna, carbonara are great...& the tiramisu was so light!  Definitely a nice place to go
Went to Jakes last Wednesday night.  We heard about this place through the radio. This location have had many different owner.  \n\nThat night we just had beer and wings.  I think it gave St. Louis & All Star a good run for its money. \n\nIt's definitely a place to try out.  We'll definitely go back and try out other items on the menu.
Have never had a bad burger here!!! Pair it with a Catawba River White Zombie and you'll see!!!!
My favorite Thai Restaurant hands down! Been going there since they opened and will continue to support such a great restaurant with awesome staff and amazing food!
My wife loves this place so for her birthday I invited a bunch of her friends and we went for dinner. I called ahead to make sure that they could take us. The lady I spoke to was very friendly and assured there would be no issue. We arrived and everything was great. It wasn't busy that evening and our party basically occupied the entire place. We arrived later than others so they had already ordered and the food was starting to come out. The wait was short and the food was good. I ended up having some to bring home. Everyone seemed to have a good time and enjoyed their meal. It was my first time having Mexican sushi and I will be back.
I've been avoiding writing this review, because Johnny's deserves a lot of details written about it, and I've just been too busy to do it.\n\nI took my parents here on Friday night. It's in a really crappy part of town, right across from Lin's Omni Square, where I work part of the time. For the longest time, I wondered what kind of shady characters might be frequenting this bar across the street. Then I talked to a friend who told me that it was actually a restaurant, and a really good one at that.\n\nThe carpet is leopard-print. Okay, now that we've got that out of the way, we can move on.\n\nThe waitress we had was verrrrry knowledgeable about the specials. I was very impressed with how much she had memorized. The restaurant is very "old school," yet the preparation (from my limited knowledge) seems very advanced and modern, with fresh ingredients and interesting sauces.\n\nWe all had pasta dishes, which seemed to piss off the waitress (because she mentioned it a bunch of times). I mean, first of all, pasta is my first choice at an Italian restaurant after chicken parmesan, and that wasn't on the menu. Secondly, everything was MAJORLY OUT THE ASS expensive. The cheapest thing on the menu (my order) was spaghetti and meatballs, weighing in at a whopping $16.95. My parents both ordered the egg pappardelle bolognese at $22.50 apiece. My husband got the extremely decadent seafood linguine, which was 26 bucks. Yikes. I don't even want to get into what the meat dishes cost, let alone the specials! $42 for a leg of lamb. Ugh. Of course, it wouldn't have been so terrible if I had been aware that it was going to be this way (and if my stepdad hadn't made a fuss the entire time). The website, of course, does not have prices, and when I looked here on yelp just a month ago, there were only two dollar signs next to the listing.\n\nOf course we ordered dessert, which was amazing. Carrot cake, bananas foster, and hazelnut cheesecake. Yum.\n\nI won't even tell you what the bill was. But we had a lot of leftovers and were happy to enjoy our reheated pasta over the weekend.
Pad Thai, pork belly dish, mango sticky rice, shrimp Tom yum are my usuals. Close to my house. Friendly service. I come here once a week.
We come here at least once a week to get the best noodles in the east valley and we are never disappointed!
Ordered through yelp eats24.  It was supposed to be delivered in 20 to 45 minutes.   Waited 2 hours.  Contacted eats24 to see where my order is.  After 10 minutes they said they were on hold. They asked if I wanted them to check again.  I said YES!  they said I would have it in 45 minutes.   Already waited over 2 Hours.  Contacted them AGAIN.  After being on hold for 7 more minutes was told I should get it in about 15 more minutes by manager Blake.  Not worth the aggravation.   Never again.  Plenty of good pizza places around.
Came here for a nice dinner for a bachelorette weekend... before the shenanigans began muhahaha. Well, first off - the location is awesome! We were about 30 minutes late to our reservation, but we barely had to wait :) So we got there, and we had a table near the opening/patio area - very open, airy, perfect temperature, and beautiful view of Bellagio and the dancing fountains.\n\nI had the salad... I forgot what it was called but it had warm bacon dressing, and a soft poached egg... WOW what else can I want on a salad? Haha seriously, it was bomb. Just enough richness against the clean crisp of the frisee. and.... YUM. I enjoy my salads and this was one of the better salads I've had.\n\nTried bits of their special frites - delicious, like a cross between potato chips and regular fries. Also had bits of the steak, and was pleasantly surprised! Super tender and cooked perfectly even though it was pretty thin, and had lots of flavor from that buttery/herby sauce on top. Pretty damn good.\n\nWill be back to try more stuff!
It's like a greasy Taco Bell, but slightly more expensive. If you want good mexican go to a real mexican restaurant. This is a chain and not a very good one. Nothing on the menu is remotely healthy except maybe the salads. Greasy chips, greasy tacos.
This is one of our two go-to places for sushi -- not perfect, but pretty darn good. (New owners took over a year ago -- ignore older reviews.)\n\nThe fish selection is pretty good, and we've never gotten any questionable sushi. (The escolar we had last week was excellent.) The all-you can-eat offer (Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday)  is just a ton of fun. \n\nThey haven't developed the volume to be top-notch; the California roll has surimi, not crab, and they don't keep tobiko around. (Love Muramoto's tobiko corral sushi!) \n\nThey are trending now to "new sushi" stuff -- oversized rolls in exotic plating, with sauce drizzled all over the place. It's all pretty good if you like that sort of thing. I can always try something out for a chef that wants to push his/her luck a little -- that's my job as a customer. I don't care for many of them, though -- just not my style. So I'm glad they do a darn good job on the basics. \n\nThe regular menu is solid as well; excellent tempura and a donkatsu that works well for this good ol' Midwestern meat and potatoes guy. \n\nOne of these days, we'll ignore the sushi and menu and do the hibachi. The customers around the hibachis all seem to be having a great time.
(My visit was in May 2017, I haven't had the time to post this review)\nI had gone here because of the hype, and my friend really wanted to try this place out since we were on the look out for a new Korean Fried Chicken place.\n\nThis place looks nice, and the atmosphere was great. The food... wasn't great. We bought the Up to 4 boneless chicken with Yangneom sauce on the side. We also ordered Ddukbokki and a Frozen fruit shake.\n\nLet's start off with the chicken; it wasn't bad chicken. It wasn't the best, nor the worst. It was okay, and nothing wrong with it. The only issue I had was, that it didn't feed the amount stated (none of us felt content whatsoever).\n\nDdukbokki is up next. First, they had forgotten about this order and took an EXTREMELY long time to show up. They apologized and soon enough it came. When serving it to us, they said, "We're sorry, and we gave you a little bit more than usual." It looked like an average size plate of ddukbokki. It was very bland compared to other places I've been to.\n\nFinally, the frozen fruit shake for 4. We ALL thought this was going to be a frozen drink type beverage; we were all wrong. This is literally frozen fruit and a handful of cheerios in a bowl of milk. Most of my friends can't handle dairy well, so I ended up drinking most of it. Not the best thing for any of us. \n\nOverall, the entire experience was pretty meh. I wouldn't recommend coming here. The best thing that happened there while visiting, was the spelling bee on TV.
If you order pasta you'll get a big portion. However if you order everything else that's not pasta it's not going to fill you up. \n\nMy sister ordered the squid black noodles. FYI it will make your lips look like you smeared mascara all over it. It will come off but I recommend you going straight home after. \n\nThe tomato uni pasta was too rich for my taste. Definitely a lot of cream but good.
Peppermill used to be the staple of diner food in Las Vegas for me. I haven't previously had a bad experience with the staff.\n \nCome here for the portions and the diner-esque food! \n\nThe wait exceeded 30 minutes for a Tuesday mid morning. It was a full house. The hostesses, Caroline and Kim, working at the podium. Kim rolled her eyes after we told her we were waiting on another person. It set the tone for our meal.\n\nThe bus boys/runners were clearly annoyed with us, as well. One of them was Jeff, I believe. We asked for five of everything, but they only saw four people. I guess one more was too much to provide.\n\nThanks Elisha for being very attentive despite the commotion. It definitely made up for the rude service we received at the beginning.
Great place!  Stop in here a few times a year and it is always very good.  We usually do breakfast, but we were running late and did lunch instead. We had "Sanga weeches" that were great!  The bread was basically fresh pizza dough folded over and it was perfect, I mean perfect!  The flour is just that perfect golden brown, and almost black, but not burnt black, just perfect black.....  You know, this guy nailed it!  It was an Italian with ham salami greens cheese etc., and even though it was a simple Italian sandwich, it was a simply perfect Italian sandwich!\n\nThe on.y reason this wasn't a five star is the price is a smidge steep, and the portion size can und be a smidge bigger, but those are both just small smidgen....  For most people, the size might have been just right.  Service was great, and Enrico is always there, and he is always fun, even when crazy busy, this place is a classic that you must try when visiting the strip.  When you are done with ouch, grab a few biscotti on the way out from his bakery right next door.  \n\nI'll be back!
Great burger place and good portions, definitely filled me up. I forget which burger I ate but I do remember the dipping sauce that they had on the side. It really complimented the burger, along with the big onion rings, it was a great meal.\n\nOn the plus side, they have a TV mounted on the wall with ESPN, Burgers a beer and ESPN, really can't go wrong with that combo.
I came here for my birthday and I enjoyed their fish tacos. Really nice ambiance, prime location uptown in between tons of night time action... great place...good food
The supervisor/manager Gabby is the most unprofessional worker I have ever dealt with. Not only do we order large orders 24-48 hours ahead, we do this frequently for all our college meetings/events. No matter how early I order, the order is either wrong or late EVERY SINGLE TIME. its gotten to the point where I specially ask for Gabby to take my order to try and avoid these mistakes. I assumed if I asked to order from who's in charge then the chances of my order being correct were higher. Right? WRONG. Twice I ordered a large amount of sandwiches and asked for them to be individually bagged (which I know is a hassle for jimmy johns but Gabby assured me they would make an exception and there would be no issues since I ordered so far in advance) we explained when we need them and why it's important for them to be on time (having over 20+ people waiting for their lunches is an important reason to be punctual - not sure if Gabby is aware) \nBoth times the lunches were over 40 minutes late WITHOUT a call informing us prior even though gabby insisted that our order would be on time. \n-I understand things are going to be late. People are human and things happen. But every single time this happens and every single time Gabby responds to the situation as if I ordered my food last minute, gave wrong directions or my favorite when the delivery time is 11 and I call at 11:05 and THEY ARE STILL MAKING THE SANDWICHES. When a business takes the time to order a day or two ahead and you promise the order will be successful you should be doing anything in your power to fulfill that promise instead giving up or just tell the truth and say that it's not possible and is going to take longer so I can make other arrangements. \nGabby "attempted" to make the situation better by offering us $30 credit on our next order (two different times so a total of $60 credit) but gabby lied to us and never added any credit to our account. \nShe failed to make any notation of credit on our account even though she verbally said she would over the phone - when confronted she denied ever saying she'd give us credit for the order being wrong/late. \n\nGabby is not a good example of someone you want running your store, dealing with customers, let alone being a supervisor. \n\nWe will continue to tell all UNLV colleges to refrain from ordering from this store.
Allison Park & Gibsonia have a thing for fantastic restaurants tucked away in strip malls. \n\nThis place is fantastic. It is far and above one of the best asian restaurants I've been to, and definitely one of the best in the area. They feature lots of traditional as well as signature sushi dishes, as well as Thai and Indian as well. The menu features sushi but has plenty of other options as well. \n\nThe first time I went I had the honey walnut prawns. I expected three or four mediocre shrimp on a sea of rice. I was amazed when the dish featured 8 large prawns, perfectly coocked broccoli and artfully arranged honeyed walnuts. It was fantastic. Everything we've had there has been good to excellent.\n\nThe decor is also very tasteful - the neon is there but much more understated than other places.\n\nIt is on the small side but you can call ahead for a reservation.
Stopped here mid-afternoon on a weekday for pandesal. They had a large selection, but asked if I was willing to wait 5 minutes for fresh ones. Waiting for the pandesal, I purchased an Ube Roll and Brazo de Mercedes. Everything had a traditional flavor and was fairly fresh except for the Ube Roll.
Solidly ok. The highlight is the service - efficient, friendly, and accommodating. Prices are also reasonable. Some menu items are quite good (mish mash soup) while others aren't anything special (for example: basic ingredients not top grade, many sandwiches have too high ratio of meat to other ingredients). Not the best deli in the world, but won't wholly disappoint.
I stayed at Hooters for one night.... and ate here twice! The food isn't bad, it's fairly priced and I was sort of impressed. We originally lined up to eat at the hooters in the back of the casino, but came here instead because there was no line. I had the $10 Prime rib dinner, and although it wasn't amazing, it really wasn't bad for $10! The waitress we had was nice for the most part, but I got weirded out when she kept telling every table how bad she needed to pee.....\nAnyways, we came back later that night after clubbing and got the $3 breakfast. It wasn't amazing once again, but its $3, and when your tired and all danced out, it tastes pretty good. Over all the decor is nice, not tacky like the rest of the hotel. If your on a tight budget, I definitely recommend Mad  Onion!
Stopped in for a late lunch during the week. It was a slow time of day and pretty empty. We seated ourselves and were promptly brought menus. Our server was very pleasant and answered our questions about the menu.\n\nWe ordered the antipasto salad and sampler plate. Both were delicious! Portion sizes were generous! It's clean inside with a nice size menu.\n\nWill definitely be back to try other dishes!
My best friend and I went to 300 East for dinner before an evening outing. We were both very pleased with our restaurant selection. The ambiance of the restaurant was haimish, which I loved. There were so many delightful menu selections on the menu.  The guacamole and chip appetizer was delicious. The sizing was good for a pair. I ordered the Shrimp Farro Sauté, per the recommendation of our server Matt. The entree was absolutely excellent. Also, Matt was a pleasure. I will definitely go back and will ask to be seated in Matt's section!
If I could give this place more than five stars I would, I mean I really would. It is just that good! (Is anyone as excited as me about the completion of their renovations?) \n\nThis place has some of the best beer on the planet, you may not find that your particular beverage of choice is on tap, but just like food, beer is seasonal. For me it is all about their belgians...strong, tasty, and ultimately dangerously tasty. For those who simply can't decide where to begin, they have sampler platters available. \n\nAlso, they have some of the most hard-working bartenders I have ever seen here! They must have type caffeine+ blood because they just don't stop. Don't hesistate to ask a kind question, they will let you know everything about that beverage while simultaneously pouring you a sample and straightening your tie. \n\nThey also offer some good, simple dishes here at very reasonable prices. Pizzas are great because they are so shareable and always have such fresh and unusual ingredients, although they offer soup and sandwiches as well...\n\nWith beer this good you could serve it to me in a leaky basement and I would still give this place five stars! (Of course their facilities are impeccably clean and lovely!) Drink beer here; this is all you really need to know.
This is one of the best BBQ restaurants I have been too.  Everything was fresh & great tasting. Will definitely come back. The bacon wrapped burnt ends were fantastic. The prices were reasonable. Riblets were outstanding.
The best thing about this restaurant is definitely all the pictures of dogs. The restaurant has a very cool theme!\n\nI didn't care too much for the food though, although it was alright. And it didn't really seem to be worth the price, but in any case we had a good time dining here.
Thanks Yelpers, this was my first time eating here & it was Delicious. The mac & cheese is a must try, the corn bread was very good and the meat was tender & seasoned perferectly.\nAnd, at the end of your meal, they give you a bag of warm fresh donuts. Thanks Bobby Q for making our final meal in Phoenix wonderful.
I had a hot fudge sundae here.  The only problem is they don't inform you of special deserts.  It was ok.  I love the decor of the place.  Great place to stop and beat the Vegas heat.
My boyfriend and I luckily stumbled upon this place during its soft open. The staff was so friendly, the food and beer was tasty, and the view of the strip was amazing. A great place to hang out, have a couple of beers.
Excellent food but if you're coming here for bottomless mimosas go to Whist over in Green Valley. We were here for three hours and got 2 mimosas. Slow service and they pre make them so they are flat. Horrible, hands down the worst bottomless mimosa brunch in Vegas.
I have been thinking that today is Saturday all day long. But inherently I know today is Sunday because yesterday was Saturday, and yesterday's events looked much different than today's, but still, all day long, it felt like Saturday. Imagine my surprise when I went to dinner and found out at a tiny, Sushi-dive that it was indeed Sunday. \n\nI walked in and, I am shocked because, again, I am thinking that it is Saturday night and I am one of only five or six Guests in this place at 5:45 p.m! \n\nI ask for the Sushi bar and they hand me my sushi menu and a pencil and stamped across the menu says something to the effect "Sushi Happy Hour - Sunday thru Thursday - 5 - 6 p.m. - Nigiri" It's Sunday night and its before 6 p.m., SCORE!\n\nI order hot tea, spicy scallop, uni, roe and quail egg; and for dessert I ordered freshwater eel - my tab - less than $14. \n\nOutside of the sushi chef, my service was non-existent (which is why I love, love, love Sakana), all the same, Sushi Ko was a nice little find on a Sunday night.
Love the vibe and set up of this place! Nachos are insanely good and what a huge portion size for the money! Spirulina tea was super yummy like creamy mint and chip. The service was very informative, friendly, and fast! I will be visiting quite often.
Been here 5 times now and the food has been delicious every time. Some items can be spicy but it's worth the sweat storm.  Love the ribs! Prices are super reasonable. Fish talk needs a bit of cleaning though.
Excellent! Had the goat cheese fondue and it was delicious. The peppers in the cheese is what made this dish. I highly recommend this appetizer. I ordered the tenderloin and it paired well with the tamale. It's on the spicy side but the tamale balances the heat with - mild sweetness from the corn. I wanted to give this a 4 star but the pork was a but on the dry side. I tried the chicken and it was moist and tasty. I had a peach margarita and it was refreshing with the right balance of alcohol. I will be back again!
Best Korean BBQ  in Las Vegas!  They have combo for 2 or 4 with cheap price! U can refill the side dishes many time as u want! The services here are nice too! Especially a guy he"s very handsome and cute!
We were touring the Ohio City area on a Saturday afternoon and decided to dine at Heck's. We stopped in around 4:30 pm and asked for a reservation (party of 3) at 5:30 pm as we wanted to visit the Glass Bubble Project (which closes at 6) before having dinner. We were told that there were no tables available at or after 5:30 pm. We then asked for 5:15 pm and were able to secure a reservation. We hurried over to see the Glass Bubble Project and then rushed back to Heck's to get there by 5:15 pm. The restaurant was more than half empty when we were seated, and remained more than half empty the entire time we were there (til 6:15 pm). We are not sure what kind of game they are playing when they tell people there are no reservations or tables available. It was rather irritating and deceitful to say the least. Two of us ordered burgers (teriyaki burger and regular burger) and one of us ordered the braised beef short rib entree. Our food was pretty good ... the short ribs may have been a little on the salty side. We also ordered cocktails ... the gin and jam and a cocktail with vodka and cranberry (both were okay, but not great).
Burger was awesome. I had the frito chili burger. The group has the Greek. El diablo and continental. The chocolate stout shake. Chili cheese fries. \nVery good. Yummmm!!
Best pool club in Vegas! Friendly and courteous staff and promoters, beautiful, spacious area, and the pool is large enough to fit everyone. Always a good time here. Just wish the drinks were cheaper!
When they say the full stack is a lot of food, just believe them. Breakfast here is awesome, will keep it in our brunch rotation for sure
Meh.   Had big chalk signs that advertises CRAFT BEER HAPPY HOUR - ALL BEERS HALF OFF. But only offered water (colors, miller, etc) as the half off special.  Went for the craft beer happy hour - left disappointed.   Oh. Food was decent - my two stars is for the false advertising and the waitresses "meh" attitude towards me for asking about the huge chalk sign on the far wall offering craft beer happy hour
Love it! Most of the tacos cost $2.25 ea. They come out super quick and their portions are generous. When I came here, they didn't have pickled jalapeños in their toppings bar like i saw in photos on yelp, there were only radishes and lime slices. I do wish there were more toppings, maybe some sliced onions or salsa. But the tacos they serve here are one of the tastiest I had.
Big fan.  Rarely in town enough to get by as regularly as I used to but I stick the soup for lunch.  #1 extra spicy!  The level of spice is all in the technique of the person serving the soup.  My wife loves the hibachi and you can't beat the price.  Quick service.
Glad I made the trip downtown to check this place out.  I had the Drunken Noodles with tofu, spiced medium.  The medium was good but pretty mild; maybe next time I'll ask for a middle ground between medium and hot.  I noticed that outer edges of the tofu were fried but the sides were totally white and not fried.  I normally like total friedness but perhaps this was slightly healthier, so it's all good.  \n\nWe split the Triangle Roti for dessert.  Technically it's shaped like a sphere but it is cut like a pizza so you do kind of end up with triangles.  At any rate, the shape is irrelevant; the main thing is that it's pure buttery sugary goodness.  So light and airy I probably could have eaten the whole thing, but managed to exercise a little restraint.  (I'm sure my jeans are thanking me for that!!)\n\nThe atmosphere is nothing special and it was kinda dead on Thursday night but other than that everything was perfect.  The service was excellent.  I'd definitely go back if I lived closer.
The food was delicious! The staff was amazing! We went here to wrap up our Las Vegas trip and was very satisfied with the experience.
Beautiful restaurant and great ambiance. The food was fantastic. Try dessert, you won't regret it. Sarah was a great server!
I think the "Love it or Hate it" comments on other Sir Pizza reviews are definitely fair.  Sir Pizza offers a very different pizza from other local pizzerias, but I find the pizza to be delicious.   We have ordered multiple times and generally just get a large cheese pizza.   It is a round pizza, cut into squares with cheese all the way to the edge (effectively giving the pizza no real crust).  It is great for large groups as it is easy just to grab a couple squares of pizza.  I would definitely recommend the plain cheese - they used diced pepperonis / sausage as opposed to the normal full pepperonis you would typically see at a local pizza shop.  A large cheese pizza feels like a decent value to me, running around $12.  We live a few miles away and they have always been able to have the pizza ready in a half hour, even on busy Friday / Saturday nights.\n\nWhy not 5 stars?  They don't offer delivery and the parking lot can be logistically challenging, particularly when it's busy.   Additionally, the menu is relatively limited and the toppings seem to be mediocre (good, but not great) quality.
I can only give them four stars because they won't reserve me a stool on Friday night.  No one can insult you better than Susie or Fuzz.  Good food and a great drink.
There was no baked chicken and we aren't going to wait 15minutes for more to be made.\nMISTAKE. The fried chicken gave us intestinal distress. I will be contacting the Dept. of Health and NOT going to this establishment again. Contacting KFC does nothing.
Excellent bang for your buck.\n\nI have been going here for years and have had many of their lunch specials and red/panang curries.  All of them taste great, well portioned and reasonably priced.
This McDonald's was across the street from the Cosmopolitan where I was staying at. I think this was the closest one to me. I ended up coming here twice for breakfast during my last trip to vegas. The location of this McDonald's is really good. It's located right off the street. The inside of the place was nice. They had two levels for additional seating upstairs since there wasn't that much downstairs. The food and service was good. Came here for breakfast and ordered sausage mcmuffins and hash browns.\n\nThis place wasn't packed and the lines weren't that long. So it was good that we didn't have to wait long for our food each time we went. Definitely a good place to stop to get a bite to eat quick and easy. Prices are what you would expect so at least you aren't getting ripped off for expensive bagels, muffins or croissants! I'll probably stop by here again if I stay near this place the next time I go to vegas.
The food is delicious. Best Pho in the city. I've been coming to this restaurant for over 15 years. Prepare your self for no service what so ever.
I am a HUGE fan of the Flying Saucer brand. Lots of beer and great food! It is a chain, but it feels more like a local bar. \n\nWe came here on Saturday evening, since we were in the University area. (I wish there was one walking distance to our apartment in Uptown!!!). We sat at one of the small semi-circle booths....these are cute cause we can sit side by side and watch football. There was a wheat beer on special so I immediately ordered that without even looking at who brewed it. It was delish so I drank that the rest of the night. My husband ordered various beers throughout the night. They have so many beers on tap! We are huge microbrewery fans and love to support local breweries....so we usually stick to the NC ones (Lonerider, Natty Greens, NODA, etc, etc, etc). \n\nThe food is basically German with some American dishes. We ordered the soft pretzals with beer cheese. We have ordered this many times in the past and new it was a winner. Dang those pretzals are awful for you but so good. The beer cheese is some of the best we ever tasted AND we recently went to Germany! \n\nSpent the evening drinking beer, watching football, and playing darts. It was great! Service was spot on as well
This is not the best Pho place I've ever eaten at, but it is the best in the Valley!  I had two slightly different experiences. The first, I found the Pho under seasoned and too lightly flavored.  The second, the Pho was perfectly concentrated and seasoned and really tasted delicious.  I would go back and give it another try!
Took Uber here from the strip and it was so worth it. I'm not the biggest breakfast guy but some of the best cooked eggs I have ever had. I had the california omelette. I'm sure I will be back next time in Vegas.
I have to say i was impressed.  I was contacted by the manager and the situation was rectified.  Great customer service.
This is a by far one of the worst places to have blood work done. The front office staff is extremely rude they want you to use the self check in screens and if you have any questions they turn you down. I went today and saw an elderly couple had a lot of trouble checking in and when they ask for help they told them to manually do it at the check in kiosk and not even offer them to help out. I do not recommend anyone to go here extremely rude staff not to mentioned that I waited 2:30 hrs to be seen.
The key to this place is the number of TV's and selection of sports.  They show all the fights, from UFC to Boxing events to Soccer.  Don't come here for the food, come here if you want a place that isn't mega packed and you want a seat for a sporting event.\n\nThe food is your typical bar grub, nothing special. The service I experienced was quick and friendly.\n\nNext time I am in the area and watch boxing or UFC, I will consider it.
Came in with my daughter and we both ordered a Bowl, which is $5.99, at 2:30pm. We didn't know that there are two different bowls, which is what I thought we were ordering. The Perfecto Bowl, is a half order. I get to the register and they've charged me for a regular bowl. No one ever asked me to clarify what type of bowl. They just charged me for the regular bowl, charged me, and when I said I thought it was $5.99, only then did she explain that there's a difference. The difference is not super obvious either. Just felt that they shouldn't have charged me for the regular bowl, as I indicated that wasn't what I thought I was ordering, if they want to keep a customer. Never going back.
1.  Today I went through the drive through at the Ile Perrot store, and, contrary to the majority of McDonalds advertisements on Bell TV, breakfast is not served all day, but stops at 1100 hrs.  Get with it McDonalds!  Either that, or put that information on the American ads and look really foolish.  Secondly, I was advised of that fact in a rude fashion over the PA system.\n2.  Since I could not get breakfast, I decided to have a large black coffee.  Mistake!  I paid with one of my many free coffee cards and it was received with a perfunctory "OH!" when I presented it, as though I was a cheap client getting a free coffee since I as I could not get the breakfast I wanted, I had mentioned that it would be nice if local McDonalds would catch up to their American counterparts.  Got a shrug!\n3.  When I got my large coffee at the service window, the clerk had not put the lid on properly so that WHEN I TOOK IT INTO THE CAR WINDOW THE LID CAME OFF SPILLING BOILING COFFEE, REPEAT BOILING COFFEE, ALL OVER, BURNING  MY HAND AND FILLING MY CUP HOLDER AND CHANGE TRAY WITH BOILING, YES BOILING, COFFEE.  It took fully 30 minutes, after dumping out the overfill, before the coffee had cooled enough to drink!  RIDICULOUS!  The staff at the window?  They looked at me incredulously if not a LITTLE embarrassed, NO APOLOGY, in fact no comment at all!. They did give me some COMPLIMENTARY PAPER TOWELS so I could clean up the mess. Not one word  was spoken!  No offer of first aid for my burns!  NO APOLOGY.  NO OFFER OF FIRST AID. I was so angry I drove off in a very bad humour and state of mind. I sat down to my computer fully 45 minutes later and the coffee had finally cooled enough to drink comfortably.!\n3. Though now 80 years old, I was an Area Sales Manager for years for RadioShack Canada, and travelled from Montreal to St. John's Newfoundland by car, serving some 70 to 80 stores, and for over 25 or 30 years McDonalds has been my on the road restaurant.  Today's experience is about the last straw, at least in Ile Perrot.  A shame, as I live only walking distance from it!  I think I will have to start driving to the Harwood Ave, Dorion, location several kilometers away to get service.  Alternatively, I just may strike McDonalds off my restaurant list altogether!
The cocktails, food and wine here is fantastic!  This restaurant could survive in any big city in the country and it's an amazing find in Charlotte. Service is always friendly and prompt.
The food has been subpar. I've thrown out too many meals here. I'd stick with the french dip or something else that's hard to screw up. Even then, I don't know how you make such a lousy waffle sundae. The atmosphere is casual and boisterous. The liquor selection is decent. The bartenders are pretty inconsistent with their attentiveness. All in all, the only reason I ever go here is that all other options are closed.
This bar if perfect for a low key night, or to watch your Sunday football game (they have the NFL package!!!). The bar staff and cooks were great. Speedy service and friendly smiles. Even the poker machines seemed to favor the customer. \n\nThe food was awesome. There is a large selection of foods for all appetites. I had the Potato soup and a burger, that were both fantastic. \n\nI'll be coming here again for sure!
We returned for Christmas Eve and it was very good. As I suspected from my first visit, the food was much better when the restaurant was busy and the food was turning over quickly.
This was my first time here at cattle baron. We ordered two 20oz rib steaks, one 10oz prime rib, french onion soup, calamari, lobster mac and cheese, and a bottle of wine. We arrived without a reservation on a Tuesday night and they didn't have a booster for my 3 year old because they were all in use. The host was pleasant, and we were seated promptly. The waiter was nice as well. My wife liked the french onion soup. The calamari wasn't very good, it tasted like it had freezer burn and was far from fresh. The lobster mac and cheese had a faint taste of lobster with a small amount of little chopped bits that might have been lobster. The steaks were cooked medium rare, but were both really chewy for some odd reason, same went for the prime rib. I asked for fries with my rib steak even though it wasn't on the menu and they accommodated my request which was really nice. The fries tasted great! Overall the service was great, but the food really wasn't worth the price.
Had a great meal, in fact couldn't finish everything that was brought on the first round.  It was refreshing to see that the waiter was happy to bring lots and told us that if we don't finish, don't worry about it.\n\nThere is a surprising amount of items included in the AYCE price, unlike some places where it's 3-4 meats, rice, and banchan.\n\nI will echo the concerns mentioned by other reviewers regarding tipping/service charge.  Our waiter did mention that the 10% service charge is shared by everybody but tips left were only for him.  The service was actually pretty good so I did leave an additional tip but this seems like kind of a shady way to do business.
Great hot dogs and friendly service! Everyone in our group loved what they ordered. My 4 year old said,  "I don't like my hot dog, I love it!" Ha ha! We'll definitely be going back!
\nFor what it is, Mr. Brews hits the spot. Sure it's not the most hip place, but it's reliably good. Their beer list is pretty darn good and varied. Zombie Dust, sours, and one offs mingle among WI, Michigan, California and other regional faves. If you are in the mood for a burger in this part of town, this is one of your very best bets. 1/3 lb. Herford, with a great bun and perfectly portioned toppings. Lots of interesting (pb bacon habanero!) and fresh toppings. Can sub a turkey, veggie burger or chicken breast. My go to is the chicken popper with cream cheese, jalapeño and bbq. Hubby gets the cajun, cali or or mushroom & swiss. Prices are reasonable at $7-9, but sides are extra. Fries are crispy and handcut, with your choice of seasoning.\n\nThe only downside is the average strip mall environment and weird parking lot. But lots of tv with sports.
First time! It wasnt awful but it wasn't great! Too many raw onions on their chicken tacos. The tortilla was authentic but the asada that was rolled inside lacked flavor. I doubt I will give it a 2nd try.
Very disappointing!  A local friend said to come here and it was a bad choice. Menu selection very limited and food is below average. We ordered the $25 diablo sampler for the appetizer and calimari was nasty, wings and potato wedges were good but can get same quality at favorite sports bar for 1/2 the price and the rolled taquetos were below avg...we asked for our check and left before making a bigger mistake in ordering an over priced main cource. Wouldn't waste your money!
The beers were warm and flat.  The bartender was argumentative when we told him about it.  6 employees working on a Sunday afternoon and I still had to get up and go to the bar to get napkins for my wings since none were brought to me with them.  The place is cold and not inviting at all.  We won't be back.
Excellent food\nExcellent service\nExcellent price \nAnd last but not least, the size of the portion, wahou!
Sweet Tomatoes is meh... I realize it's not fine dining & a buffet to boot, but the entire time we were there not one person came to pick up any dishes & they were constantly running out of things... We felt like soup, but they all just tasted the same... Really disappointed...
The best quick fix for a sandwich.  When we go to Jimmy John's we are always greeted with quick, friendly service and a professional staff.  As a regular customer the $ 3.95 little sandwich, note " meat & bread only" us a quick fix \nAfter a long day.\n\nAfter a  practice, I treated the cheerleaders Mom and a group of 10 to these little slamming sandwiches...she and the kids were ecstatic!!!.
Went here for dinner with my boyfriend and had extremely good service from our waiter, who was very knowledgeable of the menu items, and also knew how to be attentive without being intrusive. On our second visit, the waitress was less skilled BUT was nonetheless very polite and helpful. In terms of food, we ordered the duck poutine pizza, and also the tofurkey and quinoa. I was pleasantly surprised withe tofurkey dish because my expectations for it were fairly low (I ordered it because I felt like being healthy that day). But surprisingly the quinoa which I am typically very indifferent towards was very well flavoured and since it's cool, and has some sort of fruit sauce (don't remember), it was very refreshing to eat! Tofurkey was alright, but then again my expectations for tofu are quite high since I'm Chinese, and we have some awesome tofu dishes. Now onto the poutine pizza. It was sooo good, but I do recommend sharing it between two people. I find that since the duck, gravy and cheese in the dish all lean towards the savoury side of things, if you try to eat the whole thing it will be pretty overwhelming, and you may even get tired of it. I found that the pizza was just right when I shared it with the boyfriend, and is a dish that I would probably go back for every now and then.\n\nAlso, my bf ordered a gin and tonic, and the bartender was extremely generous with the alcohol, since the drink was quite dry, yet the price of the drink was still very reasonable for $5. Kudos for not skimping on the alcohol like some other restaurants may! I also tried their caramel macchiato, and it was good but can't see it's exceptional. at 3.25 ish for a cup, I see just drop by starbucks next door or something! Overall in terms of food quality, this place is more of a 3.5, but I think the exceptional service I've experienced in my first visit is sufficient to  push it up to a 4 star for me. =)
There is good BBQ, There's Great BBQ, and then there's the Black Dog. Having eaten at some of the best voted BBQ places in the world (Skyway in Oregon, Lucy's/Dickies in LA) I can honestly say that the Black Dog stands right along with them and is the best BBQ here in town. Their brisket has a deep smoke ring and their ribs are excellent. The only downside to me is that their sauces aren't the best (I love the Ghost pepper sauce). I recommend sticking to the Urbana Location, I know it's supposed to be the same but the food seems to always be better there. The best thing that I've ever had their is the Cuban Sandwich on Wednesday nights, it's seriously to die for. Give them a try, it's worth it!
I ordered from here on Uber Eats. Worst decision ever! The food is over priced and poor customer service. I called to just get one item removed from a shawarma wrap because the person had a severe allergy to tomatoes but the person who asnwered said that he's not making a new one and just pushed the order through. Most rude person ever! I suggest not ordering from here on uber eats or anything from here at all!
Date Attended: 10/20/14\n\nItem Ordered: BBQ Chicken Salad, Sweet Potato Hash, Diet Mango Lemonade\n\nService: Very cordial, answered all my questions about the menu, didn't get frustrated after switching my order twice\n\nAtmosphere: Well organized, clean, and quiet\n\nFood Quality: Very fresh tasting salad, nice sized portion, salad dressing is quite flavorful and not over powering, will ask for extra chicken next time (personal preference)\n\nOverall Experience: Already planning my next trip to the Chandler location
Was blown away by everything. The food was was incredible, service was excellent, the decor was very plush, and the atmosphere was energetic. Highly recommend for a date spot. Can not go wrong. Everything on the menu I and my girlfriend tried was really, really good. We eat out a lot where ever my job travels me too and this is a have to if you are in the Phoenix Area.
Best Mexican food and strawberry margaritas in charlotte. Great cheese dip, tacos, and fajitas
Happened to be in town for a wedding and decided to try the Royal Vine for a drink and some light fare.  I have found that wine bars are usually either too pretentious or pedestrian.  The Royal Vine in neither, striking a perfect balance with a warm welcoming atmosphere, a wonderful mix of uncommon, delicious wines, and an appropriate selection on light plates all at reasonable prices. My wife and I ended up spending several hours there, sampling a number of excellent wines and discussing wine and food with the owners.  If you like wine, or are starting to learn more about wine, this is the place to go for a quiet evening out.   The warm and relaxed atmosphere is a great place for date night.  Enjoy!
Gordon might've put a bullet in his brain if he'd had the dining experience to which I'd been treated. The good:nut appetizer and deviled eggs. The mediocre: overdone salmon (c'mon, there's never an excuse for this and worse, no offer of a condition), steak that while cooked to the right temperature, was a little tough and overly doused in some kind of unknown sauce.  Wine glasses far too small for swirling and a server that didn't seem to know pouring etiquette.
The food was good but some of our order was lost in translation which in turn meant we are less cause when you go to an all you can watch you're supposed to cram cram cram. Once there's a break in food, your stomach starts feeling full. \n\nWhen we got there, we told the lady that we wanted to try everything on the menu. She nodded and confirmed "ok everything" and then after serving us 3 different kinds of meats out of the 17 choices, she comes back and askes if we're done eating. Um. No. We wanted EVERYTHING :( that was unfortunate. The good quality was good. We were just so hungry and sad that the Asian tables around us were have these feasts and our sad grill was empty the second the food was cooked. \n\nWill come back but must be precise on what to order. \n\nThe squid was the tastiest.
Food and drink are great.  Service is always really slow for happy hour.
We were here today, and it was delish!\nWe had brunch/lunch - the burrito (cooked) was ordered, the tacos, and the sunshine wrap.  All were delicious (I've also had the rainbow salad before which I also enjoy).  Their deserts are to die for!  The chocolate dream was great, and we also had the chocolate mousse - double yum.  I think this is the best raw food/vegan resto in the city!
We ordered 2 pizzas and both were less than fair. The Funghi had 4 uncut reconstituted shitakie that were like leather and two slices of button. The 2 tablespoons of sauce was really off putting in flavor and the dough was raw. The Marggherita had a lot of watery sauce no visible cheese and 1piece of basil with more raw dough. All this for over 40.00!!!. Our first and last experience with this restaurant.
This place is the best. It will change your idea of what a neighborhood pub is supposed to be. We always bring our dog with us and sit outside in the dog friendly patio. No matter how late (or early) it is or how hot (or cold) it is the service is always prompt and attentive. We somehow end up with Journey a lot and she is the best. She always takes great care of our table and is such a great server. She is attentive and is constantly making sure service is up to par. I would recommend this place to anyone in the area looking for a good tavern to visit for food or drink. The buffalo chicken dip and loaded tots are the best! Try the Reuben as well.
I had the chicken Madison and it was awesome. Just a couple of things I would like to see addressed.  This place is in a serious need of some new paint and new carpet.  It is very dated and seems dirty.  I also ordered a pitcher of beer.  When it came to the table I first thought that they had froze the pitchers.  When I touched it I realized it was just a very old plastic pitcher that was what appeared to have survived a sand storm for 5 years.  The beer tasted horrible, like the taps never get cleaned.  Honestly made me curious to think what the kitchen looked like.
What a surprise to find this cozy joint in this neck of the woods!  It's the most authentic sushi bar I've experienced in the East Valley.  The chef was really a Japanese man and didn't speak a word of English, nor did he smile.  He is the type of sushi nazi most small authentic joints employed, ha.  The restaurant layout was very traditional with a lowered bar and stools and curtains splashed with Japanese designs separating the kitchen.  It probably holds less than 20ppl inside.  Just the kind of intimacy I sometimes prefer.  We sat at the bar and ordered a few traditional rolls and I have to say the rice was superb and the spicy tuna was well seasoned and yummy.  Would like to go back again soon :)
As you enter note the three kimchee earthen jars on display. That's what they used in the past to store kimchee in the cold ground during winter. This was before fridges especially for kimchee were made. \n\nGood Korean food as testified by my Korean friend whom I was with. It was great that they could adjust the heat of the soondubu (tofu stew) according to your tolerance level. The dolsot bibimbap was good too with enough sesame oil. When I'm next in town, I would be back.
Oooooh yes, this is one of the good ones. IMO, the State Street area has always been kind of lacking in non-food cart, non-sit down/dine in snack places. There are some, and it's expanding, but not much else as you move toward the Square.\n\nEnter Mad City Frites. As others have said, they only do one thing - but they do it well. If you're looking for hot, perfectly textured fries with delicious dipping sauce or some good poutine, get here. Plus, cool design stuff: the tables have little holes in them for the fry cones!
We met friend for happy hour drinks outside and had a great time.  The guys were entertained by ping pong and other games, and we loved seeing the dogs that people had with them there.  Fun atmosphere and great drinks.
Actually a big bowl!\n\nFood: 5/5 Big bowl of deliciousness.\nService: 4/5 A bit too eager.\nEnvironment: 4/5 nice. \nWashrooms: ?/5 Didn't try. Lol.\nWorth it?: 5/5 really good and satisfying.\n\n10% during soft opening. Cash only during soft opening. \n\nCame here during the soft opening for an early dinner. The dining room was pretty empty at this time with only 2 other tables. The server was overly eager. He must be very excited to be opened. Every time I looked up to ask our group a question he would run over and ask what we were having. Lol.\n\nHe brought us tea over and I instantly noticed that the tea cups and spoons were a little dirty still. I guess with there soft opening going on, they are still ironing out some of the kinks. As a seasoned professional dishwasher ( It was my first ever job. Lol) I knew instantly that dishes were racked for too long before going into the washer. I hope they figure it out soon as it's my only complaint with this place.\n\nThe food was very delicious. I had the beef brisket noodles and also tried the meat sauce on noodles. Both were labeled as spicy but neither came out as such. This was easily forgiven because the beef brisket was really good. The meat sauce was also pretty good but I would save it for a hotter day. It was allot more fresh and refreshing tasting. \n\nI will definitely come back after their proper opening. I just hoping they figure out their dishwasher.
Beautiful restaurant & view, a bit dark inside, great food, & good service. For such a nice restaurant, it seemed really strange that they served some desserts in mason jars, which are, from my sense, far from classy & more something typical to see in a young, hipster, casual restaurant.  Lovely appetizers, though I wish they offered Melanzane alla Parmigiana. I also wish they offered tiramisu on the dessert menu. It seems like they definitely poured a great deal of money into making this giant facility appear as close to an Italian villa as possible. It's pretty.
Being a fan of most sandwich's I visited this place after hearing about it from a friend. Unfortunately for me the first 3 times I visited this location it was closed. They seemed to have had some staffing issues... Finally on the 4th visit they were open. Having heard the place has "The Best" Pastrami around I of course had to order it. The wait for out food was rather long but it was to be expected when you have people who are waiting in front of you. I also ordered some of their famous garlic fries. I can honestly say this place is nothing special compared to some of the other pastrami sandwich's I have had this one doesn't really stand out above the rest. Overall the food was decent and the price was reasonable. I would eat there again if I could ever find it open and was craving a sandwich.
I've been to School several times because I work in the area and the experience is consistently the same.  Very good food, but very slow service although the waiters are generally very friendly.\n\nI do not recommend School to watch a sporting event, specifically World Cup, unless you are a Netherlands fan.  When Netherlands are playing, it's an all out party at school.  Any other team?  They won't turn on all the TVs, won't turn up the volume, because other patrons won't like it, etc.  So they are rather inhospitable to non-Netherlands fans.  On that visit they also didn't have 3 of the beers that were asked for, they brought my colleague the wrong beer he ordered, which he kept since he waited 20 mins to get that one and didn't want to wait another 20 and the food order took 45 minutes for simple sandwiches.  So not a great experience overall.\n\nIf they could speed up the service (a lot) it would push the score to a 4.  Since it's not a sports bar, I won't hold that against them too much, although it is off putting that they behave differently if it's a team the owner supports.  There are far superior options in Liberty Village to watch sports anyway.
I can't tell if it's good or bad. The line was so long, we waited 20 minutes and it never moved. People kept cutting the line. The lady running the stand kept bitching at people in the line to stay against the wall and behind a piece of tape. We did ( to leave a gap) but then people cut the line there thinking it was the end of the line. We got tired of being bitched at and not moving forward and left for somewhere else.
DO NOT go here! The lines are ridiculous. Platinum members have no wait at all so everyone else waits 2 hrs. The line completely stops moving if a platinum member gets in their special line. Fucking ridiculous. The 2 hr wait does not even cover the long ass walk to the back of the hotel to the buffet.
I don't know much about authentic Japanese food, but this is my go to for ramen because I work in the area and it's almost become kind of a treat to myself. I get the cha-su ramen, because that pork is actually a party and I dream about it. The broth, noodles and veggies are good in my opinion, but if you are like an expert in this type of food or just very picky, take it with a grain of salt(y).
I've gone here multiple times, each time has been just about the same. Food was great, service was slow though. The portion sizes are generous for the price. Their ranch dipping sauce is good.
Last week, I went to Galleria Supermarket for the first time.\n\nI know the other one located in North York, but I think this one is better.\n\nI ordered Gamja Tang, kind of spicy Pork bones soup with potatoes. It was good. One of the best I had for a while. And the best part, it was cheap. Made my day.
This place is always crowded when I go. Even after happy hour has ended during the middle of the week!  So if you are planning a get together, call ahead and make a reservation. Even then, there might still be some additional wait time for the tables to be cleaned up and reset for your party.\n\nThe biggest draw for hitting up Yard House is probably their beer selection.  Because the food is just alright overall with highlights here and there that I have discovered. For arranging parties when you don't know where else to go, Yard House is a safe bet.  Everyone in Vegas that goes out even occasionally will know about it.\n\nLove watching sports and paling around with friends or near by strangers?  This is a good spot, if you are willing to wait for an open table or vacant chair at the bar.  There are plenty of flat screens to occupy your attention.\n\nLooking for a quiet intimate and relaxing place to chill and grab a bite?  The noise alone will get this place crossed off the list.  But you are also not going to be spending the kind of money you would expect to pay at a restaurant with nice tablecloth and illuminated by real candle lights.\n\nThe service is okay to way above average.  What I do love about coming here with a large party is that the waitstaff has been trained to keep track of who ordered what, so splitting the bill at the end of the night is as painless and effortless on the customer's part as it is going to get.  Uber kudos for that alone!\n\nI would almost give this place a 4 stars, but for that to happen the food has to be better.
Okay, so forget the boba tea......this place is a must try for the fluffy snow ice!!!  This is the closest to a real shaved ice that Vegas has...the only one that is better is the one I tried in Canada....this is not your normal American snow cone or even the Hawaiian version...this is so much better!  The ice is flavored (Thai tea, strawberry, mango) and shaved so fine, it's like snowflakes in your mouth!!  They have tons of toppings that you can select from....fresh fruits, jellies, tapioca, aloe vera, mochi...and also comes with a selection of syrups to place on top.  I personally prefer the mango fluffy ice with mochi, mango/strawberry fruit, and lichee jelly and a light helping of the condensed milk.  They also have a very yummy egg custard as well!  I'm sad that I only just discovered this place....
Excellent and I do mean Excellent food. I live in Jamaica, Queens,  NY...so I have had my share of good Caribbean food. I had the roti and it was definitely the best roti I have ever had. My husband had the oxtail and rice which he said was really good. The service is very good as well, the man who I believe is the owner is a very kind man. Someone mentioned crime? I am not sure but we hung out in the neigborhood for a while before actually going to the restaurant and I felt completely safe, I am from Queens, NY though and it takes a lot to get me shook LOL. Wanted to buy some to take home but we just didnt have enough time. Can't wait to come back
Wow, I was shocked to find this gem in an airport! I would actually choose to use Phoenix as a hub because of this restaurant...it's pretty authentic in its attempt to be a Parisien bistro. That's hard to find anywhere outside of NYC let alone an airport! We had the burger with arugula and truffle cheese and it was perfectly cooked and juicy. Our server was lovely and attentive. Fantastic experience making our transit through PHX so pleasant!
I come here for the ribs which are amazing loaded baked potato which is also great, and Caesar salad as a side. The Caesar salad hasn't been that great lately. For example on my last visit it barely had any dressing on it and ONE crouton  you get complimentary hot fresh baked rolls with cinnamon butter and peanuts while you wait for your food. We also get the onion blossom. Let me tell you, AMAZING! Especially with that sauce it comes with, I've also tried it with ranch which is pretty good. For drinks I tend to get sweet tea which is not the best, last time I tried my boyfriends strawberry lemonade and it was surprisingly really good. Moving on, the waiting time is usually not that bad for the most we've only waited almost 10 minutes. But on our last visit... It was ridiculous!!!!! We did get a complimentary appetizer. Our waitresses are always super nice and attentive. Also almost every time we go there the manager goes around and ask how everything was. I love that.
When I came to Vegas this place got so much talk but really these were the worst tacos I've ever had in my life the meat was so gross I couldn't even eat them! Not to mention the horrible service! definitely NEVER coming back!!!
This is Vegas buffet... But way better!! The waitress was chill and actually came around quite often. The Portuguese sausage & peppers were yummy! I wish I had room in my tummy to have a little of everything.  $10.99 for Sat & Sun champagne brunch is the best deal in Vegas. I can't wait to come back for the seafood buffet (Thursdays I believe) and the prime rib on Fridays. Bring your appetite and loose fitting clothing!
How have I waited this long to review this place?!? One of our favorites, we can't stay away. For romantic date night, special holidays, dinner with friends this place is the best. The servers are always incredibly friendly and helpful, the place is always lively and filled with good vibes. There are two lovely gentleman playing music for you, they take requests and have serenaded me a few times. They are one of the highlights of this place. I can't even begin to name all of the items we have ordered off of the menu because we have been here so many times, but they have all been delicious! A few of my faves are their meatball appetizers and the ravioli, but seriously try everything. We celebrated Valentine's day here this year as well, and although we don't normally do anything on that holiday we are thinking of celebrating here again because it was so much fun. Check this place out, you won't be disappointed!
2601 took over from Corduroy which was one of my favorites so i was cautious about coming in here. I was pleasantly surprised to see just some small modifications to the floor plan, but super excited about the menu! We had the flatbread, dip trio and elote, which was all fantastic! \n\nWord of caution - they are slow on food delivery, wait staff was great and friendly, but the food took time getting out. We were there for 2 hours to just get apps / side dish.
As stated and restated in hundreds of reviews before mine: the chicken and waffles are absolutely sublime.  If you are envisioning greasy fried chicken with soggy, limp waffles - you have to completely rethink things.  This is the elite version, and it is worth the trip to Vegas for them.\n\nThe chicken is roasted to perfection; crispy skin, but not fried.  The delectable combination of the bacon and chive flecked waffles, vanilla bean butter, warm syrup, and chasseur sauce was incredible and unbeatable.  I have returned two more times for the same meal!  We also enjoyed the beignets, and especially loved the accompanying jam.  The servings were plenty big enough to share. The service has been terrific on all of our visits, but I prefer to sit at the bar.  The service at the bar is wonderful, and the bartenders are engaging and interesting. \n\nThis is a must-visit, don't miss spot on your next trip to Vegas.
Just to preface this, I gave it a 3 because in some aspects it's a 2 and other it's a 4.  This place has great atmosphere and the staff is very friendly!  Every time I have been here the service is nothing short of exceptional.  They have a pretty decent beer selection and good drink deals.  Their menu has a bit of everything from wings, burgers, sandwiches, seafood and barbecue. The table peanuts are a nice touch as well.  Now for the not so good and hopefully these have only happened to my wife and I. Of the last two visits my wife was served a raw burger once and today she was served a burger with a hair in the frys.  I would go here again, but might start to rethink it if we have a couple more unfortunate situations. My wife and I go here a few times a month.
Worst servers ever... Server showed and and his first words were... I just got started today so my game is not on...?.... Wild...Ordered a beer with dinner... Waited 20 min... Then the waiter couldn't remember what we ordered... Waited longer.....food almost came before drinks...had to use the restroom..... No paper towels... Horrible....toilets broke... Who is the manager of this place?... He needs to go... Guess there is a reason why there were so many empty seats....do yourself a favor when is Vegas... Eat somewhere else!........
Not sure why this place is so highly rated. The service was painfully slow even with a half empty restaurant (over an hour for two omelets), the food was not very flavorful, and they got one of our two orders wrong. Not a place I will visit again.
I was excited to try this place as I love King Gyros and was hoping this place was as good since it's close to my house.  I walked in and I was the only customer there.   You know things are bad when there are more employees than customers.  The food was okay.  Not horrible but not great either.  It's definitely overpriced.  I can get a bigger gyro that tastes WAY better for cheaper at King Gyros so I guess I will just have to drive further.
Ce brouepub de la rue Bernard est une découverte pour moi qui croyais connaître toutes les micro-brasseries de l'île de Montréal. Aussi, je n'ai pas été impressionné par les bières brassées sur place qui, malgré qu'elles soient bonnes, n'offrent rien d'original. J'ai goûté leur rousse et leur blonde et j'ai trouvé qu'elles étaient du niveau de celles brassées par les 3 brasseurs ; bien faites, mais sans personnalité. Donc, comme bar de quartier, avec sa bière maison et son décor boisé, il s'agit d'un super établissement que je fréquenterais sûrement si j'habitais à quelques pas. Cependant, si vous n'habitez pas Outremont, ce prouepub ne vaut pas forcément le déplacement.
It was a beautiful day when I decided to drop by. Thank goodness because I can't imagine coming here in the middle of summer. I ended up trying the Taste Of Maine. It was smaller than you'd expect but still had plenty of seafood. The seafood was succulent and done just right. The bun was fluffy, buttery, and toasted to perfection. The crab roll and lobster roll were both good. Didn't care for the shrimp though. The order also came with 2 claws. Again, smaller than you'd expect but still good. \n\nService was very friendly as well. They have a small seating area which is great if the weather is nice. Saw a few crickets so may not be suitable if you're afraid of them.
Terrible location. Staffed seemingly entirely by teenagers that are much more concerned with socializing with their friends that are there dining than actually helping customers. I've even seen them chasing each other outside and screaming. Makes for an annoying and unpleasant experience eating there. Orders are incorrect 50% of the time both in the drive thru and inside.
The best Chinese food ever. The staff is friendly and the bar is great. You will not be disappointed by your experience here.
It is what it is.  And it was the busiest food joint at the food court.  Can't really say much here besides it was quick getting the food.  Everything was whatevers.
not quite too sure why this place is so popular.\n\nfirst warning: the waitresses have difficulty with english. this problem was quite apparent the moment we stepped in and asked for a table of four--she pointed at various tables and said things while pointing at them...and I'm pretty sure I heard korean, english, and mandarin all thrown in the mix. we wandered around the (small!) restaurant from table to table as she pointed, confused about where she wanted us to sit. eventually we snagged one of the side booths (luckily! it looks like the tables are really small, crowded and uncomfortable) but it took them a few minutes to clear off the booth table. even after we sat, we noticed big spills in the middle of the table that had been missed.\n\nit took forever to order. the waitresses never came around. when we tried to ask questions about the menu, she just gave us the chinese version (not particularly helpful, but we had a fun time cross-referencing the korean and chinese like some second-rate linguists).\n\nwe finally ordered and the side dishes came...with one spoon short (?). we asked for more spoons and more tea three times before they came back with a huge pitcher of tea and abundance of spoons and napkins...well, I guess that's effective.\n\nThe soju we ordered never came, even though we asked for it three times.\n\nAs far as the food went, I ordered the bibimbap, which came sizzling hot. The stone bowl was so hot for so long that the rice got really crusty and dry. I tried some of a friend's "zha jiao mian" (not sure what the korean is--basically chinese noodles with this kind of sauce) and it wasn't really authentic zha jiao mian either. the flavouring was all off.\n\neither way, not a good experience, and not really tempted to return.
A favorite local spot for my hubby and I as we live just 10 minutes from Town Square. The food is always very good, although the atmosphere can be annoying sometimes with the insanely huge singles crowd simply there to drink and look for a date. My only pet peeve about this spot is that they don't have any type of call ahead seating or reservations, so if you go on Friday or Saturday, expect to wait at least an hour for a table. Something like that just bothers me, I don't care if you want to take a credit card to hold a reservation like the high end joints do here in Vegas, but at least give us the option of reserving a table! Other than the insane waits and sometimes slow service, the food is great! Try the lettuce wraps!
Great fast food place. Have been back several times for their kalua pork bowl, it's my favorite. Good price and fast service. Like others have said it's kind of the same idea as a Chipotle, but in my opinion better because of the unique selection of meat and toppings.
If you value life...never NEVER eat at buffet Fu Lam. I am appalled at what is served at buffet Fu Lam. The items served at buffet Fu Lam barley passes for "Americanized" Chinese food. Nothing seems fresh at Fu Lam. Please avoid eating here, eat somewhere else even McDonald's will do.
I ordered the Triple S Burrito and taro chips. The Triple S Burrito tastes like a sushi roll crunch. I ordered taro chips with cheese sauce and was mind blown.
The food was not bad, but not good either - very mediocre. Even with a groupon discount it was not worth it. It was not a good value. I expect something more impressive at that price point.
Borrowing from Homer Simpson...."Mmmmm. ahhhh, uhhhHHHhhrghhhuuuuHHHggrruhhhHHhh..."  This is what happens each time I go into Chipotle Mexican Grill.\n\nThe their burrito bowl is like a magnet every time I am in the area....drawing me inside to purchase one.  It must be the fresh ingredients used along with the room full of happy customers also chomping down on their menu items that tells me the food here is great.\n\nI could write more, but challenge you to just "Experience It!"
My boyfriend and i found this place on Yelp and absolutely love it I'm originally from San Diego where there's brunch spots EVERYWHERE and I mean BRUNCH not just breakfast we've come to realize that Scottsdale doesn't have many brunch places more just breakfast so this was definitely a great find for us!! They're brunch is great I absolutely loved their French toast and chicken tenders dish the breading on the chicken is delicious and so is the jalapeño syrup that goes on it (I know it sounds different) but I highly recommend! We've been here twice now and is a place we like to bring our out of town guests too since it has great service, food and Bloody Mary's!
I really enjoyed Gordon Ramsey's BurgR. I took my boyfriend here on our last night in Vegas. He likes to think he's a burger connoisseur...so I decided to stroke his ego a little bit since we were celebrating our Valentines Day. We got there at about 7:30 right at dinner rush and as expected there was quite a line and a 35 minute wait. So we hopped in line and were seated about 45 minutes later. The ambiance was very chic with dim lighting and warm colors. Our server was awesome! She was super friendly and really seemed to love her job which really made the experience even better. We started out with the wings, which were absolutely delicious and cooked and sauced to perfection. They were probably my favorite part of the entire meal. My boyfriend ordered the blue burger and I ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger and we split them so we could try both. The burgers were also cooked to medium rare perfection. I was hoping for more kick from the Hell's Kitchen burger, so I actually preferred the blue burger. We also ordered the truffle Parmesan fries which were super amazing due to the truffle aioli. I really wanted to order one of their shakes, but by the time I had finished eating I was about ready to burst. I really enjoyed the entirety of this place and would recommend it to anyone looking to get a good burger quality burger in Vegas.
Had early dinner and decided to try out this place. Owner are japanese and the place looks authentic. Very please with what we ordered. Quality is superb! Will surely visit this place again
I love this place, they have the best maki in the city. I came here specifically from Leslieville today and was thrilled to see they now have half price sushi on the weekends from noon till four pm.\n\nThey are super fast and friendly, and the food really fresh. Ive been coming here for years now and have yet to find another sushi shop on the city that comes close.
I was here over a year ago with my partner and we couldn't remember the name or location because it was before we moved to Charlotte. I'm happy I tracked it down again because I look forward to going back. A full veg Indian restaurant with giant bread, hell yeah! I don't remember what curries we got, but everything was great.
Donuts to DIE for! But make sure to special order them a couple days in advance - especially if taking them to an event/occasion - as they tend to sell out fairly early by lunch time!
The Pizza Lounge is a nice addition to Tivoli Village. Unless you where it is you may miss it.  It's not on the main street. Look for the sign on the corner by Brio. Nice Happy Hour choices for small bites that will fill you up. Try the Meat balls with mashed potatoes. Also the Flat Bread Caprese. The beers and wines are priced nicely during happy hour. \nIndoor and outdoor seating. Could use some fans outdoors. The inside dining area is comfortable and brightly lit. Nice upscale decor. They were not very busy on our week day visit between 5 & 6 PM. Service was friendly and prompt. Wait staff was attentive throughout.
I love this place. Just what a local restaurant should be. Everyone is always so friendly and helpful. I come here time and time again and I am always so pleased. Everything is just so good! They make many of their things in house and they're so fresh. I love the unique atmosphere and live entertainment. They're great for breakfast too.
The double -double  is as good as always. And so was the fries. The location is very popular today. The service was fast and friendly.  Would come back if in the area.
Love this place.  Right down the street from my work so when I have a craving for some Thai food this is the place I go.  Love the beef pepper steak lunch special when I get take-out or when my husband meets me for lunch it is always panang curry with beef and pad thai.  Delish!
To be honest I was a little worried about eating here after I read some of the mixed reviews. \nI ended up getting a Groupon for the Chonga margaritas and we ended up deciding to eat dinner here also. \nThe margaritas were huge and delicious. We both got the regular frozen margarita with 2 mini Sol beers dumped into it. \nMy husband ordered the Carne Asada which was juicy and flavorful. Since I wasn't too hungry I ordered the shrimp quesadilla off the appetizer menu. The quesadilla was definitely big enough for a meal. It was packed with shrimp, black beans and cheese. The chipotle aioli brought the flavors together and the flour tortilla was nice and crispy, just the way I like it. \nWe both also liked the salsas that came with the chips, one was a green tomatillo type sauce and the other was a red chipotle salsa. Both were very tasty. I am now officially a fan of this place and will consider going back next time we are in Vegas.
So lunch time, driving around the city. The craving for a healthy lunch strikes and then lo and behold this place appears as we were turning a street! I've never actually heard of Koek koek however the pictures of fresh salads on the side of the building won me over in an instant. \n\nThe place is beautiful. Small but spacious. The furniture design is on point. Textures and patterns everywhere! The place gives off a warm, soft ambiance despite this.\n\nAnyway, the food! We got the Thai salad and Bulgogi salad - not the actual names. Both came cold. But delicious nonetheless. Very healthy and definitely hit the spot. I also got the tipsy tea. Mild tasting lemon tea and I was told it had vodka in it. For everthing our bill cam up to $40+. Pricey but for the ingredients used I get it.\n\nSo would I come back? With my budget probably not. Lol but if I'm ever around the area craving for a nice healthy meal I've marked this place on my mental map.
Food is pretty good. I come here every once in a while. I have a friend that works here. Cool spot. \n\nGood place to come after a workout at EOS fitness. Close by and affordable.
The food is amazing. I have never hade a macaroon that was so yummy. The breakfast is the best part. I would say that the cost for the portions you get is a bit high but the quality is there.
Just had lunch here with Convention Services Association CSA. I loved the meeting space it had a great view. The food was delicious as well. Looking forward to eating here again some day
I don't like pho but I'll give it one more try . If I don't , then Im not gonna eat it ever . Let's SEE . \n\nDifferent pho restaurants are different , and we see what this one is like . \n\nThe waitress here is super NICE ! \n\nThe Honey dew boba is THE BOMB , the honey dew I ordered at another location was not good as this one . Mmmmmm! \n\n\nOk , I must say that the brisket here is sooooo awesome !!!!
The pizza is among the best in Pittsburgh but it is very inconsistent. If one of the owners is working the pizza is amazing and is easily a 5 but if they are not the quality drops significantly. It makes me want to call and ask who is working before placing an order because the experience can drastically differ. I can't give less then a 4 because I have walked out with amazing pizza but unfortunately it doesn't happen every time.
We went to Elly's Cafe with 7 adults and two 1.5 year olds.  We didn't have to wait and sat down right away, the service was perfect.  They had Mickey Mouse pancakes for the kids, which was a nice touch.  I ordered a meat lovers scramble and would order that again.
Stop by for a pizza and salad to take home, pizza maker was very nice, She only got one thing wrong and that was the Pesto topping I had requested at the end. Instead I got FIG. whatever that was which was ok, just a disappointment. The noise level was unacceptable.The MUSIC was very loud. Classic Rock and a little rap. It was to loud and not considered background music. I couldn't wait to get out of the place, but it was also blasting on the patio. I hope you fix this or I will go elsewhere. \n\nI did notice they are dog friend on the patio. But no misting system and no waterbowls were provided.
Best raw vegan cheesecake..ever!  The daily soup and sand was the bomb!  A must try, vegan or not, when in the area!  Highly recommend for all my macro friends!
I go to this place mostly for the patio, which is excellent in a neighbourhood full of crowded patios with lineups. It's shaded and decorated with colourful flowers. \n\nTheir food is mid-range Canadian Thai. Similar to the Friendly Thai or other big chain. They have everything you'd expect to see at a thai restaurant, but nothing too special. Mango salad is very good, above average.\n\nThe service is quite good. Sometimes there's a language barrier depending on who's taking your order, but I've been enough times to know what is vegetarian and what isn't. The lady who is regularly there is really nice and attentive. She will ask the kitchen a question if she doesn't know the answer which is nice for people with dietary restrictions.
Absolutely delicious. The atmosphere is great. I love the teas, although I wish they'd increase their selection or at least rotate in some different teas occasionally. I *highly* recommend the Lemon Grass Beef. That is the most amazing meal on the menu.
Great soups and sandwiches.  My usual favorite is the grilled cheese pannini with turkey in it and a cup of broccoli cheese soups.  (love to dip my sand. into the soup) They have fresh ingredients and several teas for a healthy washing down of your food.  You might be tempted by their full-fledged bakery there where they have something for everyone.  Join their club and get good offers regularly...
I was impressed upon entry into the Cold Pressery, however it's got a long way to go before its shakes can live up to the juice bar standard in downtown Toronto. FYI, this is a sole review based on 3 of their drinks.\n\nDrinks (2/5): I've tried the following shakes/drinks at this place. Choco-Maca Shake, Iced Matcha Latte, and the Bananaberry Chia shake. None of them taste that great, and in all honesty, fall flat on any flavour whatsoever. \n\nChoco-Maca Shake: Now here's a drink that challenges you to buy it because it's pretty difficult working with raw cocoa and raw maca, and achieve a decent flavour. For those that don't know, maca is a kind of root vegetable that is well known for it's medicinal qualities. However, its not popular because it doesn't taste that great... Combine it with the bitterness of raw cocoa and you can start to understand why it might be a distasteful drink... in which it is. It's unfortunate that the banana, almond butter, and almond milk didn't help in masking the cocoa+maca flavours. It's a textured drink due to the cocoa nibs, and needs an acquired taste to finish the entire drink. \n\nIced Matcha Latte: Not much to say on this end. Just get the one at starbucks, it's much too bitter here. Unless you like bitter.\n\nBananaberry Chia: Tried what I'd classify as a saving grace drink. Nothing too risky in this one. It's comes out a nice purple color, but I think the proportions are all wrong... there were no flavours complementing each other , you barely taste any berry, and although the flavour of bananas is fairly strong.. even that was muted out. More or less tasted like one giant SLIGHTLY flavoured slushy.\n\nPrice (2.5/5): I understand that many of their ingredients are much more costly than a non-vegan/organic place, but if the ingredients aren't utilized in a way that capitalizes on the best flavours then it's much too expensive to pay for drinks that don't taste like much.\n\nService (4/5): They'll treat you with a smile when you walk and take your order in a timely manner. If you choose to sit in they'll bring the drinks to your table, and clean the tables for you afterwards which is a nice touch. Lastly, if they are free they will thank you for your patronage so service is definitely down packed here!\n\nAmbiance (4.5/5): If there was a reason to come back to this place it would be because they simply have a great looking cafe. It's inviting, spacious, clean, and well decorated. They have a beautiful mural of square one on one side and throughout the cafe there are comfy chairs that make you want to sit in. They have a basket of chargers for you to use and ipads to play around with if you sit by the windows. If you've got a big group, there is a small bookcase of board games to play with! Well done on this aspect of the place and is definitely the one reason I would come back. Gotta to still try out their food after all!\n\nThe Cold Pressery has got a lot of potential, and alot of aspects in which they strive in, however they've got to up their smoothie game up if they want to impress any Torontonians who make a pit stop is Sauga.
Never disappoints! Been my go-to Christmas Eve dinner for a few years now. \nAlways busy, but the wait time goes by pretty quick.\nService is good, and they will change things (in your meal) how you want them to be. \nI would recommend the lemonada drink, the appetizer dip trio (the babaganouuuuuuush tho), shawarma platters, and salmon skewers. \nGreat salads too.
Best healthy food on this side of Las Vegas!! The bison wrap & sweet potato fries are awesome! Definitely will be back for more!!!
I have the jalapeño Vegas roll and it was awesome. The service was excellent and I'll be back.
I had the new Prime Rib dip sandwich. Not much good to say about it. The size of the sandwich was very small and it was very salty. I had the cheese curds for the side which wasn't bad.
Not what I expected at all. Burger was good, but overpriced. Service was pretty crummy. Sat at the bar and waited for 10 min before anybody noticed me.
Went back to Pot Liquor this weekend and gave them another try. We were seated quickly, our server was terrific and the food and beer were great! The Moinks (bacon wrapped meatballs) were so good! Daughter-in-law and I also had their chicken pot pie - perfect comfort food! Hubby had brisket and it was so yummy. Try their green beans too a cooked in olive oil and garlic! Glad we gave them another try!
My fav sushi place in Toronto.. What is the deal with all these 2-3 stars. Seriously, the sushi is AWESOME! Creative rolls, Ebi handroll in rice paper is a MUSTTTTT! Cocktails, delish...\n\nok it's expensive, but you get what you pay for: Trendy atmosphere, great sushi, good service, fab cocktails.. I'd pay more for that combo!
**Original review from 6/1/2011. Updating new profile.**\n\nI've been coming to this place, and particularly this location, for years. Their menu is vast and I just love the selection. 99% of the time I'm in here for breakfast. Since I'm a pescaterian (and I eat poultry), I'm limited to what I order from the menu, but I've never had a bad plate. I love the nurse's bialy, the castroville omelette, the cloud 9, the crabby one and many more. I've been here once for lunch and their sandwiches are fantastic! \n\nEvery time I've modified my order, they have never said they couldn't do it. They are always accommodating. Their service is great and always friendly. Food comes out hot, delicious and I've never turned down a plate due to a wrong order or something not cooked properly.\n\nKeeping them from getting the coveted 5 star rating is their refusal to budge on charging me extra on the fruit bowl.  I'm allergic to melon and they charge me extra to modify the fruit bowl.... really?  Also, their coffee is less than desirable. Their flavored coffee is watery. But I don't come here for the coffee and they don't claim to specialize in it. On a few occasions, I've been served dirty glasses and flatware.
Huge beer section!!! I recommend the poutine, it was a huge order of fries and gravy with little cheese curds through and a giant poached egg on top. It will take 3 people to eat it. The staff was helpful in picking which beers to get. Amazing little place I will be back soon.
OVERALL: Great flavor and many choices in toppings. A little bit pricey, but worth it. Get the Mexican hot chocolate!\n\nThe restaurant itself is quite small, but has a lot of business. However, it is easy to get a seat, and the servers are very polite. The menu is quite extensive, and you can have a lot of choices for types of meat.\n\nI ordered the ground beef taco and a Mexican hot chocolate. The taco was rich and flavorful, with many toppings on it. It's definitely one of the most enjoyable tacos I've ever had. I especially enjoyed the taco shell - though it was soft, it was really crispy and warm. I really enjoyed the Mexican hot chocolate. It was sweet, but had a unique flavor that I hadn't tasted before in hot chocolate.
Great food & service. Def coming back.\n\nCame the day before Thanksgiving for lunch. Seated right away in the solarium.\n\nWaitress was very attentive & knows the menu well. It's my pet peeve when servers don't know about the menu. Our waitress knew the 4 types of mushrooms in the side dish.\n\n6" bowl of cappuccino - $7. Great value and yum.\n\nSteak sandwich - $15. Steak encased in the middle of a long baguette shape bread, juicy & flavorful. Came with thin strips of fries, like the shape of tortilla strips, crunchy.\n\nMaine lobster roll - $19.  Came with light refreshing baby frisee (curly endive) salad and fries. I didn't want fries so I got sautéed mushrooms (oyster, shiitake, crimini, hen if the woods), super yum.  The roll is filled with tons of lobster meat, not just claw but also lots tail meat, fantastic.\n\nEach table gets a soft long baguette & hard butter.\n\nEverything came out quickly. Really great experience. Highly recommended.
My family has been frequenting this restaurant for at least 15 years.  My late Italian grandparents always wanted to go here.  When we had family come in from Italy, this is where we take them.  The place is small, quaint, and great!  Must try!
That squid side dish is amazing. I could eat it over rice as a whole meal. The spicy pork was very tasty, and the happy hour specials were legit. We got the green apple soju cooler and it hit the spot. The end.
Great service fast and a great feed had the truffled egg and bacon sandwich which was very nice the food was filling added a single pancake again was great with their homemade maple syrup definitely a return in the works lots of great things to try there.
Whoever said "Hawaiian version of Chipotle" is right. Only make it much cheaper and even tastier. Highly recommend the kahlua pig and don't forget a box of the INSANE GOOD coconut bark!
Oh dear.  I'd love to go back to Boiler House to give it a second chance, since it has generally received good reviews, and the atmosphere is truly lovely.  That being said, however, my first visit -- for a work dinner with about 8 people -- was fairly disastrous.  It started off well -- we ordered a few bottles of wine and the servers seemed very attentive about keeping our glasses topped off.   We were served an amuse-bouche as well.  The restaurant didn't seem particularly crowded that night, but as the minutes dragged on and we waited and waited and waited for our food, it became a fairly excruciating experience.  When our food finally arrived, more than half of the dishes were actually cold.  I had made the mistake of ordering the butternut squash gnocchi, which was essentially a gelatinous orange stick plopped on top of a pile of tired-looking leeks.  Needless to say, I was not impressed.  The staff was apologetic and comped us a bottle of wine, but it didn't entirely take the bad taste out of my mouth.\n\nHowever, my hard-to-please colleague ordered the rib eye, and he was thrilled with it.  I'm willing to give Boiler House the benefit of the doubt, but since I'm only in Toronto a couple of times a year, the likelihood that I'll return is slim to none.
I'm always on the hunt for a local breakfast place and I've found one of the best. I love going out for breakfast but don't care for chain breakfast restaurants so happy to find this place. Not only is the food amazing but the portions are out of the world and the service I'd the best. \n\nGive it a try and you won't be let down.
We took a table at the bar, and after a long time without service, we decided sitting at the balcony - the barman wasn't bad - although with a very big and unnecessary ego. Surprisingly good burger thou. Altogether - not a bad choice.\n\nP.S.: One of the very best fries I ever had...
Love this little gem here in Southside. The staff is very kind and their food is too. very clean & earthly indoors. Small portions for the price you pay but that's probably ideal in the health world :o)
Found 2 cockeroach on my food and they did not even give a discount for it. Paid $70 to get food with a side of roach. Nasty.
One of my favorite mexican restaurants in the area. I bring lots of out of towners here when they come through. The carnitas entre is excellent. Guacamole tableside is another must order. \n\nThe reason I dont give it 5 stars is the service. It gets super crowded and it can take a little while for things to get moving. Last time I was there (this only happened once) we had to flag the hostess to even get a waitress. While this has not been my experience every time, it sometimes is a little slower than I'd prefer. But to be clear, this is NOT a barrier to going. Food more than makes up for it if its a little slow!!
Popped by this place on our way home. Got a back bacon and a regular burger to go. Extra egg on both. Buns are great, definitely an upgrade over something like a McDonald's. Burger patty wasn't bad, but back bacon tasted of smoke and... nothing else. Ketchup was a little bit too sour, definitely trying to save money on ingredients. All in all - great potential, however I suggest working on getting better ingredients even if it means making the dishes a dollar or two more.
Yummy stuff! NW of the strip, a drive but worth it. Not a huge selection, but maybe we were too late in the day. I will try it again when I visit the next time.
I order birthday Cake Name of flyovers is Cappuccino Mousse and top of it some Macaroons and it's taste horrible. \nCake was very soggy and I was so disappointed about that. \nWhen I called for cake order that lady said we will not at all disappoint you and when I got cake  all my plan flops
I found an old menu off on the internet and used that to make my selections.  Perhaps it was a very, very old menu because what I calculated to be about $17 and change ended up being $23 and change once I ordered.\n\nSesame Beef (quart size):  Had a cheap feel to it and the sauce was a bit sweet for my liking.  I'm used to beef with a lite coating but this was more heavily breaded.\n\nHouse Special Friend Rice:  Very, very dry.  The rice could easily be separated into individual pieces.  The beef, chicken, and shrimp were skimpy.\n\nEgg Rolls:  Overall very good, much larger than typical.\n\nService:  Easy to order on the phone, polite delivery driver.  One big negative was that they brought no soy sauce and no hot mustard even though I asked for them on the phone.  I only received a very small container of sweet & sour sauce.  The average quality of the food was magnified since I wasn't able to season it to taste.\n\nMost of these issues can be chalked up to my own person taste, so to each his own.  I've found a lot of Chinese restaurants have dry fried rice.  Others might like the sweeter, breaded sesame beef.\n\nThe combo prices (include extras like 1 egg roll, rice, etc) are very cheap so if I give this place another try I'll go that route.  I can handle average Chinese food like I can handle average pizza, but only if the price makes up for the difference.  At $23 (not including tip) it just wasn't worth it.
My primary goal in going to this restaurant was to have a place to take my four kids that they would enjoy and that also served great food. \n\nMy kids were happy but at the end I was wanting more.  When you are first seated you are given a bucket of popcorn.  The seasoning on it was amazing, full of flavor.  The corn they delivered us that night was a little on the burnt side.  \n\nThe meal arrived and while the burger was good, the fries were just ordinary.  I know you can upgrade your fries, I would suggest this if you go.  I ordered the Gold Standard, no complaints, but I have had better.    My kids ordered the chicken fingers and mini burgers off of the kids menu.  They were all overcooked, chicken fingers were burnt on the ends, hard and dark brown.  Mimi burger was too over done for my 6 year old.  \n\nThe most amazing part of the meal was the shake which is the only reason this restaurant got three stars instead of two.  We ordered the S'mores shake without alcohol.  The marshmallow on top of the shake was worth the trip alone.  The whipped cream on the shake was equally amazing. \n\nIf you were anywhere except Las Vegas this would be way too expensive a meal for a hamburger and shake.  However, the high cost is just paying the rent at the trendy Cosmopolitan Hotel.\n\nI would most definitely go back for a shake, but would pass on the rest of the meal.
Decor is awesome. Staff is awesome. Great break from the heat outside. Music was trendy too. Food was okay. Huge amounts but flavor not so much. Funny thing- I ordered what the staff recommended .
Four of us went on a Friday night. The place itself is very small. Not too many tables and for big group, this place is not ideal. Place was not that busy but it took a while for them to get us a table which was not cleaned properly.  Luckily food did not that long time to come and server was friendly.  We ordered Lobster roll, mussells, chips . Lobster rolls were amazing. They looked good and tasted good too. I found mussells to have very strong smell. I think if I have to go again that would be only for lobster rolls.
Amazing! Our waiter was so attentive. The food runners were also quick to refill water. We bought 2 entrees and a bottle of wine. ~$100. We also told them that we were celebrating our first day of marriage and the chef brought us a crime brûlée compliments of the chef. We had a great experience. Definitely would recommend!
Listen, this place is very good. You can't beat the price, service, and quality. Especially when it's convenient and considered fast food. One of the best as far as that goes. They always have fresh selections, hot, and taste very good. Can't really ask for much more.
Ok. Part of me wants to jump on the bandwagon of hating on this place because the sliders are simply a salty mound of mush served on a bun. I was very excited to order them, but they were just a big ol' disappointment.\n\nHowever, I must also acknowledge that the fries served with said sliders were crispy and hot. The burger ordered at my table was said to be pretty good. The food came out fairly quickly too.\n\nThe best thing here was the service from Caesar. He did not try to up sell us and refilled our drinks without being asked. Unlike a nearby burger restaurant option, you will not be guided to leave an 18% tip on a screen when you order. Service actually comes before the bill!\n\nWhile options in terminal 3 are really limited, this is an airport food option that is decent, so long as you avoid the sliders.
Food- 2.5 Stars\nService-.5 Stars\n\nThis place is great for that Saturday or Sunday morning cure for the hangover.  Their Sunday special for endless bloody mary and memosas is fantastic.  You used to be able to pay $10 for the bloodies and $15 for the memosas however now you have to purchase a breakfast ENTREE as well as the $10 or $15 for the drinks.  I think this is a bit steep, I know you are in Scottsdale but either discount the fee for the booze if you have to buy the breakfast or allow a customer to purchase breakfast entree and drink.  The bloody marys however are very cool...they put all the original fixings but then throw a piece of dried bacon in the center of the glass which is especially helpful if you are trying to cure that hangover we talked about earlier.\n\nThe ambience of the venue is cool very Scottsdale with limited amount of D-bags (except fo your servers which I'll cover in a moment).  Great place for happy hour or to catch a game and can generally find an area to hang out.\n\nThe reason I have not been back to RnR in a while is because the service is absolutely terrible.  I have gone at least 15 times and keep telling myself that next time the service will be better and that I'll try it again however I keep ending up disappointed.  Every time I have been (which is on Sunday for the endless booze) my waiter or waitress walks around pouting and unresponsive the entire time we are there.  I know you were probably out partying the night before and the last thing you want to do is be at work with people ordering booze and booze and breakfast, but if you hate your job so much quit.  I will probably give this place another try simply because their blood marys outweigh the terrible service, but if any MANAGEMENT is reading this they need to do a complete clean out of all their employees and start fresh or this place will eventually close.
Tried this for the first time Saturday night.\n\nWe got there around 9pm and it was still really busy - we waited in the bar and enjoyed bloody marys and popcorn shrimp. Both were excellent.\n\nOnce we got seated (about :30min later) we ordered the breaded halibut and the crab legs. I was impressed by the excellent service and overall food quality. I will definitely return and recommend Kings Fish House.
45 MIN WAIT FOR THIS ?!? Please tell me the process in the kitchen ?!? Not eating this shit you guys can do better . Thanks for making this Mother's Day wonderful & you guys are not even busy so that's not an excuse  \nAnd tell your waitress to act like she likes her job or tell her to get her ass home and not to come in , having unhappy employees means bad experience granted you most likely won't respond looking at these reviews and you guys barley respond . But you have to fix this or it will get fixed also next time I order a tea take one sip tell the waitress I did not like it and exchange for a water don't charge me please thanks for ruining MOTHERS DAY FOR us !! good job guys
Truly inspiring that a sports bar can serve such good tasting food. Seriously.\nJust look at my disproportion of 5* ratings and you'll see I mean business G.\nWas in town for business with mother dearest, we said what the hell try it out.\nThere wasnt a single item that wasnt great.\n\nIceberg wedge=if I have to needlepoint, the dressing was a bit runny, not thick enough. But salad and bacon were good.\n\nSteak chili=simply ridiculous. Please add diced onions and more cheese! Incredible savory shredded beef and spicy, one of the best chilis Ive ever eaten, if not the best.\n\nChicago hot dog=It was great. Stuffed with jalapeno cheese. The fries and onion rings (did a half n half) were both delicious as well.\n\nI regret not ordering the philly cheesesteak sliders, Im sure those would be dynamite too. \n\nSerive was ok, odd at times....salad didnt come first etc. its all good though playa.\n\nCant wait to come back, los angeles permitting
Today we decided Ted's would be a great place to eat lunch because we have heard about how good the dogs and brats are. This place definitely did not disappoint! The charbroiled dogs were cooked perfect, the milkshakes were thick and creamy just like grandma used to make, and the fries were fresh and crispy. To top it all off the staff were absolutely wonderful. They know how to make you feel valued as a customer and always find time to take a few moments to chat even when super busy. I am thoroughly impressed with this fabulous establishment and will definitely be returning!
First recommendation is to sit up stairs. The floor to ceiling windows and decor is impressive.\nI ordered the 500 salad, it was tasty, but nothing special. \nJoey's does have an expansive menu however not many items really caught my eye. I do consider it to be slightly overpriced but service was good and so was the food so I can't really complain.
We wanted to eat at Ocean Trail but it was c any busy so instead sat in the outdoor patio of the cigar lounge with friends making our only choice for food the Black Fig. First the service in the cigar lounge was poor waited 1/2 hour to have anyone come to our table to order drinks and had to ask for them to clean our very dirty table. This was a quiet night in comparison to other times we've been there.  We ordered food in the lounge but had to pick it up and was told it would 20-25 minutes. That's okay since we thought was being made fresh. We found out that wasn't necessarily true.  My Meditarrain salad was a little soggy the chicken was cold and very dry and the salad very acidic. My friend got the Chinese chicken salad and although her chicken was warm she felt the dressing was overly sweet. Both came with a slice of very stale bread. My husband said his burger was okay, nothing special and the sweet potato fries must have been sitting under a heat lamp; dry and hard. We haven't been to Talking Stick for about a year and this was definitely disappointing. Hope this was an off night because this used toga great plac to go.
Amazing place. Love coming here because the menu is different Everytime. As someone who hates going through menus, love the chef special and it's always a good surprise :)
Love the food! Never had a bad experience very yummy!!  I will be coming back for more!  Customer service was amazing!!!!! Always so so so so so so so good!
The food here is delicious. I had Chicken tikka masala, some garlic naan, and vegetable samosas. I also had the mango lassi. It was all delicious. They were the best chicken tikka masala and mango lassi I've had so far. They say everything is made in house including the lassi and bread. The staff is friendly, and the place is clean. I will absolutely come back to try their lunch buffet. If you like Indian food, eat here.
I was really craving BBQ, too bad it comes with a side of sexual harassment. After that I was then barred from the establishment. Oh well.
The curry is to die for!! The tea is sweet and spicy. I always want to eat here- it is such a treat. One of my favorite restaurants in the greater Phoenix area!
* WOW! How can I possibly be the first one to write a review for the new Stingray Sushi in Scottsdale Quarter? YAY ME. \n\nWell I was there last Friday for Happy Hour. As always get there early because by the time we left, that place was PACKED! The bar area is nice. Small inside and very nice outside, but alas, until it cools down, inside is the way to go for me. \n\nDrinks - They have great drink specials on happy hour. Their Geisha A-Go-Go martini is fresh watermelon with grey goose! Double score as that sucker is delicious!! \n\nSushi- all their rolls are good. We had every roll on their happy hour menu except the california roll and let's just say the sushi was fresh, and melt in your mouth good. \n\nI think our entire bill came to maybe $40 which is pretty cheap for the three of us that were there. I will most definitely be back to visit this location, especially since it is right around the corner from my job :)
Excellent food and very friendly service! I got a lentil dish and my husband got goat tandoori and they were both delicious and full of flavor. They serve your meal family-style, which I think is fun. One word of warning: 'mild' 'medium' and 'spicy' are not quite comparable to Mexican food, and if you think you like hot, order medium! But to tame the heat, you can order a lassie (yogurt drink) or the waiter may feel sorry for you and bring you some yogurt sauce! Anyways, I highly recommend this restaurant. Happy eating!
There is no losing here.  The food is so good!!  I usually shy away from bar pizza, but this was some of the best pizza I have had.  Awesome chicken wings.  And they have a large selection of great beer.  There is nothing like a beer with real flavor.  I usually do not like a really dark brew, but they have the best.  \n\nGreat service, just a great place.
After getting pizza from Secret Pizza, my friend and I spotted the golden goose egg that was eggslut. No, our glutton-ness shame of just eating pizza did not deter us from getting in line. We've never tried Eggslut before and we're curious on how good the egg sandwich could be.\n\nWe ordered the classic, The Fairfax, and the Gaucho sandwich.\n\nI'll start with the Gaucho. I thought this sandwich was alright. My friend and I thought there was too much arugula, very "aruguly" and the beef was nothing I'd write home about.\n\nThe Fairfax though, that was delicious. The eggs were creamy, the aioli was savory, the cheese was that dirty American cheese that you always want. The chives added a brightness and the caramelized onions were so dank. No other way to describe it than dank. Then the brioche bun holds all of it together in its warm embrace.\n\nWe also traded a slice of pizza for a bottle of water, I'd say they won that trade off but still gave off some good vibes.\n\nI'd recommend the Fairfax to anyone!
It was my first time Dinning in and the Service is wonderful. I ask him what dish that he would recommend. I end up taking Bistecca Alla Pizzaiola and Veal Ossi Buco. It was very good both of the meat cook well, like he said falls off the bone.
I'm not even sure where to begin. We arrived around 6:30 and were told there would be a 40 minute wait. That quickly turned into an hour and a half. At that point a worker that was not on the clock started clearing tables because he couldn't stand how long they had been sitting there dirty. There were also a bunch of open tables with nobody seated and a list of people that needed to be seated. One of the bartenders seemed super nervous. I asked for the beer list, or what they had in bottles, and she became very unsure of what to do. We eventually grabbed a table on our own and then sat there for a good half hour before service came. She took our order and then the waiting continued. After a while she brought us an order of curds for free because of the long wait. She eventually came back to let us know she forgot to put our order in. Five minutes later we left with our order to go. They comped it, but it was a solid 3 hours of pure chaos. The staff was really chaotic and unorganized. Nobody knew what to do or what other people were doing. The owner was in the kitchen and on the floor serving when she should have been managing and keeping people on task. We love this place in the summer. When everything is outside in they backyard, but this was our first and last fish experience. The service was awful, the staff was unsure of what to do, and the food orders were underwhelming. Do not order the catfish. We got three pieces, but I think they were half pieces that fell apart. There was literally almost no fish. We got the wrong sides. The chips were uber oily, and they filed the plastic to go cups about an eighth full of tartar sauce so we ran out immediately. Like I said I love the backyard in the summer, but I'd skip the fish. At least until they get their shit together.
I ordered a 3 finger box and the food was outstanding. The only problem was the wait. I sat in the drive thru line for 25 minutes.
Delivery review: put in my order at 4:45 after being quoted a 45-60 minute delivery period and food arrived at 7:00, which ruined our plan for the night. My "very spicy" order was medium intensity at best and we received basmati instead of the Kerala brown rice. Not ordering from here again!
Mmm... some good ol' Korean soul food. \n\nLet me first start off by saying I've only tried the BBQ side so I can't comment on the teppanaki-side of things. But oh damn, the BBQ was good. \n\nG's parents were in town so we went on a nice family excursion with my mom to have some Korean BBQ for dinner on a Friday night. It actually wasn't as busy as I thought it would be even though we arrived around 8pm.\n\nThe decor? Not a huge fan. Seriously, the red and black waves and lines are better suited for Devil's Martini than a frickin' Korean BBQ resto but maybe that's just me. \n\nThe food was most definitely the highlight: Kalbi (marinated short ribs), spicy pork bulgogi and that came out with all the fixings... dwaenjang chigae (tofu/miso stew), kimchi chigae (kimchi stew) and all sorts of lettuce leaves, kimchis, banchans (side dishes). All the good stuff. \n\nWe thought about ordering the bibimbap but good thing we didn't because we were rolling out of there stuffed by the end of the night. Had to undo the top button of my jeans to ease the discomfort from the beef/pork/veg/rice meal I just stuffed down. \n\nDefinitely a little pricier than the cheap (and gross) Korean BBQ's that you get downtown but you'll get a quality meal that your body will continue to digest upon until the next day.
I came here around 3 times for their poke bowls. It's small and straight to the point. You can customize your own poke bowl or choose the ones they have on the menu. I'm usually in and out in 15. They work very efficiently.
We hadn't been here for a while but the food was excellent. The Tempura was delicious! The sushi rolls had awesome flavors and tasted very fresh. We will be going back soon!
A perfect place for an extravagant date! My hubby booked it for my birthday night and I had an awesome birthday dinner, although the weather was pretty harsh. \nLol, The restaurant is my new favourite in Toronto. The pricey one, but I found the prices justified, with the amazing experience I had. \nThey worked well on their presentation of food as well as it's taste and the selection of menu!\n\nDecor & Ambience- contemporary & romantic, privacy with a lot of sitting area and tables are quiet at a distance, so you get a privacy. Even with 75% of the room was full, It was quiet in there. Candles, waterfall, street view adds to the beauty of the place.\n\nService- super awesome/ delightful Mellisa (our server)- Not pushy or judgy, as other upscale restaurant's servers are. \n\nMenu- Innovative, every dish is worth a try! \n\nLocation- just right at Bay station, have 2 nearby green P parking lots.\n\nReservations/ Walkins- smooth! But I would suggest having a reservation before you visit, we went on a weeknight ( Wednesday) and it was almost full. But there were many walk-ins, I saw. \n\nFood: \nI ordered veggie Red Thai Curry- OMG! Heavenly! Wh would know that the best Thai curry would be discovered at a Non-Thai restaurant. It was not the traditional Red Thai curry, but it was awesome. and red with Thai flavours so, no harm naming it as Thai :P\nThe hint of ginger drove me crazy! "food orgasm" that's what I call the experience :)\nFor starter I ordered the Red oak salad- They could have added more lotus stem chips :P, It was good, but I was not impressed until I had my curry! And now comes the dessert- we ordered 2- flourless brownie and coconut-banana tart.\nBoth we again delicious and so unique in flavour and so beautifully presented. \n\nPlus the complimentary bread and olive oil-balsamic were great too and they would keep refilling. \nThe drinks were, however, expensive, for the choices that they had on the drinks menu. We ordered a red wine and white wine sangria both were pretty good, still, they can do a little better with the drinks choice and selection. \n\nP.S: I wanted to lick my plate!  I consumed every element from my dishes :P
Decent food that is priced well.   Yummy in our tummy without a big dent to our wallets.   The staff are very friendly and helpful to any in need.\nWish the dining area was more friendly to the buttocks. And the restrooms a tad cleaner...
Best Pizza I have ever had.  The thin crust is nice and crunchy. The white sauce is great if you don't like red.  We will be back
My friend Renee brought me here on a Friday night. We had to wait a little bit for a table as they seemed understaffed, but the food was well worth the wait. We both had the vegetarian combo platter and it was some of the best Ethiopian food I've had.
Usually a good time we usually sit a the bar with Rob..... Table service was a bad choice. Over view of the experience. 12 ppl in the place.....Undercooked pizza, no extra plates ,no silver wear, no napkins, wrong burger, unfilled drinks,  dressing on salad when asked for on side. Regulars come often  Rob will only come when he is working.
I was really let down by this Outback experience which usually fails to disappoint me. In TX I used to go so often to my neighbordhood outback I had a plaque @ the edge of the table w/ my name on it, literally. Crazy, huh? (and I was only 19) .. . yeah. \nThis place however just blah.\n\nService: The waitress was very akward. AWKWARD. I dont know if she was brand new but she seemed almost afraid to talk to us and paused before ever doing anything. She took our plates w/out asking. However, the girl that brought us our food was more waitressy, however she still pushed my salad plate out of the way to put down my steak plate? really? \n\nFOOD: the side caesar was good. had enough dressing but somehow had a funny aftertaste that was not characteristic of my fav side caesar. \nWe both ordered the Outback special 9 oz with grilled shrimp on the barbie. WOW the shrimp stole the show! Either it was just that good or the steak was just that bad. I had a lot of chewy parts and the steak had no flavor. I actually had to use A1 sauce. Now if you dotn knowt his already, people in TX use lots of seasoning b/c the meat should be able to STAND ON ITS OWN.. and not be downed w/ sauces. Not this steak.  Blah. I wouldnt order it again. \nIf I came bk here again, I'd def. not order steak! .
Ive been to this place a couple times in New Jersey, i went here with a friend for lunch. I knew already that i wanted the spinach and artichoke dip, something i think they do pretty well. I then decided to go with the Hawaian Ribeye Steak. I asked for it to be cooked medium-rare, it came out medium-rare. Something i am often dissapointed in restaurants serving steak. This steak was fantastic. Every bite just kept me wanting more and more, the sweet glaze they put on the steak tastes soooo good. I wasnt expecting to enjoy it as much as i did, in fact i can't wait to go back and order it again. Its no Ruth Chris or Mastro's quality but still very good for the price.
Visually appealing place, decked out with candy and is a bit more upscale than their competition, however, their prices are outrageous! A small scoop of gelato and piece of red velvet cake are approx $15.. There's nothing remotely special about this place.\n\nSuch a shame cause it has potential but unfortunately is run by corporate greed!
A small taco shop right in the middle of the strip in Hawaiian Market Place. Affordable, inexpensive and the food is delicious. I always get the taco plate. I can't seem to veer away from it because I get 3 tacos which I get 3 different kinds of meat (Carne asada, lengua and carnitas), beans and rice. Their Horchata is yummy and I tried their lemonade today and it was surprisingly different.  I thought it would taste like the generic lemonade I usually get in the small restaurants but it tasted like a margarita. If you're in the mood for some good Mexican food, go to DJ's.
The food was okay, nothing spectacular, albeit the service was exceptional. I appreciated the ambiance. None the less all franchises are concerned with the bottom line. That being profit margins. Thus you can only expect so much out of food that is not produced from a place of passion.
I love that they offer a quarter rack of ribs--just the perfect amount of food when ordered with a side.  The price is kind of ridiculous, though; you'd be better off ordering a half-rack and taking the rest to go (or splitting the cost with a friend who also isn't super hungry, which is what I did).  Where this place really shines are the sides, though.  The brussels sprouts were sweet, smoky, salty perfection and the mac and cheese was nicely creamy and rich.  Despite how busy the place was, no one tried to hurry us up (both good and bad--we had to chase down our server to get our check in the end).  I'll definitely go back, though next time I may opt for takeout to eat at the park--we saw lots of people doing so while we were there!
Forget about Paradise Bakery for soups, salads, and sandwiches.  This place is my favorite spot now because they have an array of choices for everyone.  The yummy soups are what keeps bringing me back.  The Lobster Bisque and Chicken Enchilada soup are out of this world.  The combo meal is priced around 7 bucks and can't be beat.  How could you not resist the amazing desserts and the chocolate dipped strawberry they give to you at the end?\n\nPlan your excursion accordingly as they are closed on Sundays
Honestly was scared when I read the reviews AFTER sitting down, but I didn't have any of their experiences.  Place was packed, service was acceptable, burger was awesome.  \n\nWould return.
On m'a vanté les mérites de Triple Crown Dinette tellement de fois. J'avais mis mes attentes très hautes et lorsque le Lunch Break à la Yelp a eu lieu hier, ce fut l'occasion rêvée de tester enfin le poulet frit. Je suis arrivée et j'ai commandé du Mac and Cheese (évidemment), un pain au maïs et deux morceaux de poulet. Et j'ai attendu. J'ai attendu longtemps. Trop longtemps. À vrai dire, si j'avais une pause lunch, j'aurais passé 45 minutes de mon heure de pause en train d'attendre pour un lunch. Heureusement que je travaille à mon compte...\n\nParlons bouffe maintenant. Le pain au maïs est délicieux et le poulet frit est vraiment bon. Exactement à la bonne manière Southern: juteux, bien cuit et croustillant. Un plaisir pour papilles. Quant au mac and cheese... Le mac and cheese avait un gros problème de goût. Je ne sais pas ce qu'ils mettent dedans. De l'alcool style bourbon dans leur sauce ou encore du hickory liquide pour la saveur, mais il y en avait trop et ça monte au coeur rapidement. La première bouchée est correct, mais le reste... J'ai eu de la misère à finir tellement que le goût était fort.\n\nCeci dit leur limonade est délicieuse et le concept pique-nique est des plus parfaits pour profiter du Parc de la Petite Italie. C'est sûr que je vais y retourner, mais cette fois-ci j'espère que ça sera plus rapide!
The best rub we've tried! They understand gluten free as well, which is AMAZING for a BBQ place. Portions are generous. Smiles are had by many. Sauces are diverse. Menu is vast. Ribs are the most tender I have had in years.
Amazing food, even better service. Well worth the short trip off the strip. I hate repeating restaurants while on vacation, however, we will be back this week. I had the Californian, out of this world!!!!
The four of us enjoyed a Happy Hour at Spiga.  Beautifully decorated and a place you could actually have a conversation without screaming.  Our server was fantastic, attentive and went out of his way to keep us happy.  We had the pizza (chef's choice) which was the pear and gorgonzola.  OMG, that was the best tasting pizza ever.  Two of us shared a Calamari and shrimp salad.  Delicious!  The kitchen even split the order into two plates and did not charge for the service.  Another lady ordered the Chef's selection of meats & cheeses and was equally pleased with her choice.  This has become our favorite place to meet.  We will be back!\n\nWe did not venture to the outside seating.  It looked equally inviting with heaters for the winter months.
Excellent service and even better food. Brought my mom here for lunch and we were treated like honored guests. Great environment for catching a quick bite to eat and I would recommend to anyone. They have awesome kids meals too!
We went with high hopes. We were seated and waited 20 minutes (no exaggeration) without anyone coming to our table. We tried to get the attention of the waitress as she passed and she actually looked the other way. I We ended up leaving without even being able to try it.
This was such a good Italian place. My friends and I got the Supreme Italian pizza and the Chicken Parmesan. Both were delicious! Their Italian margarita is also tasty. Their prices were reasonable and we didn't have to wait long before being seated. i can't wait to go back!
Kellie and Kim make for an incredible dining experience!!! Went out for a nice bottle of wine and dinner and had one of the best steaks in this area. Highly recommend skipping the fancy "steakhouse" restaurants and visit wild vine for the live music, drinks and food!!! A must visit!! Definitely FIVE STAR experience.
I seriously think the Kobe beef patty in the 777 burger was not freshly prepared.  It was too round and flat to be molded in a chef's hand.
Our Waiter Should've Tried out for Broadway. a little Over-dramatic.\nFood speaks for itself buddy. Great dinner.
This is one of my wife and eyes favorite watering holes. It's a cozy environment and the staff is always friendly and very informative. Great place!
Never seen a bar (especially a hotel bar) so anxious to close checks and have patrons go away. Happened to me both at lunch and dinner; I watched same happen all around me. Too bad because beer selection was good and atmosphere was inviting. Would have otherwise enjoyed spending more time and money here.
Awesome pizza! Wednesday half off bottles of wine is great for a ladies or date night. Nice bar and patio area.
Late afternoon Sunday Companion and I had different desires.  She wanted a Red Bull and a pack of Marlboro Lights.  I wanted a cheese burger. We went into Ingo's , which I thought was a combination of a "Stop & Go" convenience store and "In & Out" Burgers. \n\nWe were greeted by a blonde Jasmine or Jessica or some other "J" name who is a testament as to why skinny jeans were invented.  Shunning the outdoor patio area due to chill, we sauntered inside to the close quarters of a horseshoe bar/counter.  The bar had a close full view of the kitchen staff and those who get squeamish at the sight of tattoos and stretching earrings, sit outside. An interesting "waiting area" are painted numbered footprints on the floor, which reminded me of the lineup I stood in at the County Jail.\n\nBut I digress, onto the food.  Quality craft beers are served cold and in clear plastic solo cups.  (Disappointing they were not in the vintage Red Solo Cup to preserve my youth and bring back the "Keg Party" feel".  If Management adopts the color, thank me.)  This is a burger place and it is aptly described as such.  The classic cheeseburger was a brilliant in its simplicity and served on a quality white bun (thank you for shunning the over used pretzel bun).  The violently named "Fresh Shattered Potato Chips" were a perfect compliment and remained hot during the meal.\n\nAdjourning to the patio for an apres-beer, Companion walked up the block to retrieve her cigarettes.  Ingo's closes at 9, so I was asked to leave.  If you see Companion, please tell her she owes me for dinner.  I will gladly meet her at Ingo's.
This is by far one of the best Indian restaurants I've ever been to. While alot of the Indian joints around town are good, I've found the service to be lacking. Gate of India is the exception. The host/waiter Umesh was amazing. He took the time to explain the menu and engage us. We had the Lamb Rogan Josh, Goat Curry and Butter Chicken. The flavours were rich and delicious. To top it all off we had Kheer or Rice Pudding for dessert and oh man was it delicious. The owner is also the chef. It's very apparent that he takes great pride in his restaurant and his food. We will definitely be back. HIGHLY recommend.
Been to this a couple of times. Excellent food at good prices. Love the tea they provide at the end. Nice friendly staff definitely a place to visit
Good food long ass wait we literally waited like two hours to be seated and an extra hour just to receive our food food was okay
Tried again....,, food delivered was cold. Drinks weak and terrible. The owner apologized and comped the meal. Guess I need to sit at the bar for good service cause table service is just not good.
My husband and I stayed her in August.  We had a great experience.  The room was clean we had great food at the buffet. Everyone was really nice and for us it's better to stay at Arizona Charlie's then stay on the strip. Strip is too busy and not for us. Anyone who is complaining come on really! It's not like you guys are staying at a 5 star hotel or paying  $400 a night for a room. You get what you pay for and honestly it's not bad at all. If you're going to complain then go to your high class hotels on the strip and get your 5 star treatment. We love Arizona Charlie's!  stop with the negative comments!
Best fastfood cheeseburger. I don't care what you say. ITS HOW I FEEL. Get the fries well done. Get a double double animal style.
Simply delicious. Best Chinese I've had in I years. Grilled brussel sprout appetizer was excellent - no bitterness and delicious. I sampled some of my wife's drunken noodles with tofu - very flavorful, great textures, a delight. My entree was stir-fried filet mignon with chinese broccoli and mushrooms. The filet was succulent and flavorful; simply a great dish.
Love this place.  Always eat there last day in Vegas.  Good food.  Nice people.  Service is usually on point.  I always get the all you can eat.  Haven't had anything bad here
I enjoy eating at the bar. The food is good but not great. Had some pasta and it was very good. Bartenders very attentive and a nice over 40 crowd. Great place to grab a quick bite and socialize.
Delicious yummy food.  Loved Malai kofta, palak paneer, kali  daal, aloo tiki, samosa, chilli paneer.  Must try their falooda kulfi.  Very good services.  Their garlic naan is must try.  Found out that they serve jain food too. Love it....
Great off the strip tapas restaurant.  Waited over an hour on an early Saturday night but the food was worth it!  Everything we ordered was good (and we practically ordered everything on the menu for a group of 7). Note:  the portions are bigger than traditional tapas servings...we ordered 2 of everything all at once PLUS paella, and we had WAY WAY too much food.  I suggest you order a few at a time.  Unanimous group favorite was the Ahi Tuna Skewers. \n\nOrdered a pitcher of Blood Orange Mojito (meh) and a pitcher of Red Sangria (yum).  \n\nThis is a great place for a fun group outing (as long as you're willing to wait) but don't go here on a first date unless you want to shout at each other the whole night!\n\nWe'll be back for sure!!!
I eat out a lot, work in a restaurant,  and I love hot dogs! But this place didn't seem to hit the spot. I was excited for a hot dog joint. Meh. Not what I expected, the fun upbeat decor and music do not add up to the service, or food.  Here it is a Sunday afternoon, no one is in here. I'll start with the food, I had the JJ no.1 Red Hot. Hot is what it was, spicy and the pickles added an awkward, but good touch. The coleslaw, bland. I think KFC has better coleslaw that what I just ate from here. The beers on draft, all four, are local, NoDa Brews, which are of course yummy. Probably the only thing I enjoyed. Don't get me started on the staff, who weren't so welcoming and seemed bored out of their minds, as they stood there, with the manager I'm assuming, watching tv. All in all, I've had better, nothing special about this place. I give it two stars, ONLY because they had good beers on draft.
Phenomenal tacos and margaritas!!! Great happy hour!  They have the chef's selections or build your own. I've never had anything I didn't like!
Came here this past weekend after being buffet-ed out in Vegas and wanted a bit more refined dining.  There was no wait for our party of five on Saturday at around 6, so I guess the trick is to come early because they were packed when we left around 8 or so.\n\nWe ordered several dishes, including the crispy artichoke, foie gras, fried chicken wings, and the valenciana and serrano paellas.  The paellas could easily feed three people per serving, but they do take up to 40 minutes to make.  They were delicious!  The rice is moist and flavorful, and they don't scrimp on the ingredients here either (as they shouldn't because one paella is easily 40+ dollars).  Between the two, it's hard for me to decide which one I liked more, although the serrano was definitely appealing given the baby back ribs and fresh kale in the rice.  \n\nThe fried chicken wings were easily my second favorite dish.  They were crispy on the outside, featured lots of meat on the bones, and were sweet and tangy in flavor.  This dish came recommended to us by our server, and it was a great pick.\n\nThe crispy artichoke was good, although not super memorable.  I remember thinking that the "tapas" style seemed a bit odd given that the size of the plate and portions were quite large.  Not sure I'd order this again but would probably want to try another veg.\n\nThe foie gras was quite delicate.  It's always a treat to be able to order this since you can no longer get it in California.  It came sandwiched between cooked apple slices that were a bit mushy too and a sweet sauce.  I'd probably get it again just because it's a treat!  \n\nService:  This was a stand out.  Our server - Pedro - was friendly, efficient, and so helpful.  He liked to chat and joke with us, and overall made the dining experience really enjoyable.  \n\nService:  Looking for a nice meal in Vegas and tired of all the buffets?  Check this Spanish tapas restaurant out.
Nothing good.\nWent there to watch a football gamr. It was busy but found a wobbly cruiser table to commandeer, Leafs were getting pounded late in the third and the bartender wouldn't switch the volume over to the football game.(Don't understand how a sports bar doesn't know what game ismoreimportant)  Got some beers quick(they have no drink menu there?), almost all Molson beers, not that I'm a snob, but if you're gonna go that route, make them clean your lines please. My 1st pint,Granville Island Pale Ale was flat and off. Ordered a Guinness also, I should have returned it it was so bad. Got some grub, fish and chips, chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks(meh, meh, awful)spilled a beer due to wobbly table, was offered another but we couldn't stay there another minute. Beers and food arent cheap either, for that price I could go to any other pub. How hard is it to serve a proper pint of beer, pub fare? Our waitress was really nice. \n\n24hrs later I m still feeling those bad pints\n\nNot going there again.
Yeah I hated this place. Better off eating Chef Boy R D out of the can cold. Horrible staff who didn't care one way or the other if you were enjoying your experience. Probably the WORST decor on the vegas strip. \nProbably the best thing about the place...the view of the lamborghini off in the distance. Trust me...DONT COME HERE!
Lived on long Island 50 years.we search for Chinese food that reminded us of home. New York Chinese is right in the Zone of New York style of Chinese food. The chicken chow main is right on the money. Very good service.Great table service also.
Went here for the first time last night & it was fantastic.\n\nService: Everyone was very attentive. Our bartender Kyle was very knowledgeable about the drinks and dishes that he suggested, and my friend and I really enjoyed talking to him.\n\nFood: My friend and I shared 7 dishes that were all delicious. We had the aracini, lobster tacos, seared yellowfin, prosciutto, smoked duck (twice), crime brûlée cheesecake, and triple chocolate mousse. They were all very delicious, however the prosciutto was definitely on the overly salty side; wished there was at least some fruit or mild cheese to balance it out.\n\nDrinks: My friend and I both got the Whisky mule. Loved the flavors & loved it even more when Kyle suggested making the mule with their featured half-off Canadian whisky.
I love del taco! They have the best food and low prices. They are so fast and friendly! If I could give more stars I would. Their food is always fresh. They also have great deals 6 tacos for 3 bucks not bad at all. Definitely will be back!
GreenMix is by far my favorite place to go to for any kinds of salads and their panini's are amazing!\n\nYou're able to customize your salad to whatever you want and their dressings for the salads are awesome. I've tried their wraps with a chipotle sauce and it's delicious. They include the perfect combination of toppings like corn, pico de gallo, black beans, and cucumbers. I recently tried their grilled chicken panini and that was WOW! They put fresh grilled chicken with gouda cheese, sliced apples and avocado...nice crisp taste. \n\nOther than their amazing food, their service is always up to par!
I used to live in Ahwatukee and Florencia Pizza Bistro is my absolute favorite pizza that I found there and in all of Phoenix so far!  The sauce is unique and sweet, and I've never been disappointed by the quality of their food overall, especially the Margherita pizza and pesto cheese bread!  Now that I'm living in the north valley, I always try to find a pizza joint that's half as good as Florencia.\n\nThe only downfall to this Ahwatukee gem is that the service is sometimes lacking, as it could be hard at times to get your server's attention, causing  food to take a while to make it to your table.  The problem seems to be that there are usually 3 greeters at the door standing around, but only 2 servers helping tables!\n\nI will say, though, when we became regulars, we would ask to sit in one waitress, Carrie's, section, and she would already have our order in for us when she saw us coming!  If the rest of the servers could give the attention she did, service would be top notch.\n\nOverall, Florencia Pizza Bistro is my absolute favorite pizza place in the valley; I only wish it wasn't so far away now that I've moved!
El Paso serves us as my substitute for the now-closed Cinco.  It's pretty good.  It's your standard Mexican peasant food restaurant (burritos, tacos, fajitas, enchiladas...) You get your chips and salsa.  While Cinco had a taste profile that swung more towards the Arizona restaurants I was used to, El Paso satisfies my craving for Mexican in the South Hills much better than most.
This is my boys favorite place to go to for wings and since they both had good report cards they got to name the place tonight. Buffalo Wild Wings it was but we decided to try the uptown location this time. I should have looked at the reviews before we decided on the location but I didn't and I regretted it. We were immediately seated and acknowledged by our waiter. After placing our order we waited for at least 45 minutes and our order still wasn't right. We asked for crispy wings and needless to say they were far from crispy. The manager did acknowledge our wait and provided us with a discount.
This was my first Ruth Chris experience and it was a poor one to say the least.  First of when I got to the restaurant I was waiting for almost 20 minutes before I was given a table even after making reservations.  The server we had was decent, but barely came around to ask how the food was or how everything was going. \n\nThe food itself was probably the worst part of the meal.  I ordered the New York steak with sweet potatoes and peacan as my side.  The steak itself was over cooked and came medium well when I ordered medium rare.  Not a huge deal for me, but my mashed sweet potatoes and peacans had bits of plastic wrap stuck inside the potatoes.  I decided to complain about it and the server simply took it back to the kitchen and had it removed and brought it back.  No substitute or even another side was brought out!\n\nThey did give a slice of cake at the end of the meal, but I was a bit turned off the food at that point.  To be honest I've had better meals at the Keg, Montana's or even a Hungry Man Meal better than what this was.  Needless to say I was disappointed for a meal that was at this particular price point.
First time here, thanks to yelp, but the place was definitely not worth the 4.5 yelp stars. Ordered the special combo with a side of toast. The sausage and bacon were decent, however the eggs were worse than what we make at home or maybe just at par. Now coming to the pancakes. They tasted like those frozen pancakes thrown into the microwave and served on a plate. This is after I had asked while ordering if the pancakes are made fresh!! They won't have told me that they aren't! Oh well! Hubby got the breakfast burrito and it was very average, definitely smaller than what we have had before at other places. Salsa served with it was a joke! \n\nDefinitely not coming back!
Great food, stylish interior, professional staffs.  This is very good restaurant overall.  I had shrimp and grits, and ginger ale.  I really love the shrimp and grits!  In downtown area, I am kind of feeling a beautiful hope and pride of the people and the community.  Sure, I want to come back here!
My first love for tapas started here in 2009, at the other location where it was always crowded and there was no place to walk. The old location was much more entertaining.\n\nThe food was great. Their butter is so good I can eat a whole tub of it. My husband still loves this place and like Pinball HF we come here every visit to LV. \n\nI don't like this place much anymore because I have had better. They lost their touch. The warm salad is just warm lemon juice on greens. So plain. Should change up the menu, or go back to the old menu. Tapas is an adventure to me but Firefly decided to get married. \n\nFour stars because he loves it and I think it's ok. Worth a try. All our friends now love this place. \n\nThey use to give out really cute matchboxes but not anymore. Boo.
Always can expect the same meal. I have tried the higher priced steaks. Maybe I'm just super simple; the sirloin works well for me with a salad and sweet potato. Service is always great, perfect timing. It's already stressful with kids, but they are all super nice. Even when they are packed, we call ahead and don't really have to wait long.
One of my favorite restaurants in the north valley. Great food with many choices. Love to sit at the bar at this restaurant.
This place is fun to hangout at with friends. Food is ok. I am not a big fan of burgers. I wanted a hot dog but I know i wouldn't finish it, so I had water and enjoyed just being with my friends. I took a bite of the partners burger and it was tasty. I enjoyed watching everyone get spanked for not eating their food more than anything, lol ... Place was very busy and smack in the middle of downtown Vegas. Our two waitress were friendly and right down awesomeness :) One thing is that it is definitely a bit to noisy for me ...
If you could have a place that is visually stunning and the food presentation accompanies that beautiful art, Tanzy is hands down the spot. It's one of my fave go-to places for dinner, outings and client meet ups. \n\nI recently had the cedar planked salmon and I wish I could come up with a good reason to critique it but I can't. The texture and flavors from this entree are simply an orchestra of delishness. It probably comes second place to my fave dish the pan-seared duck breast with candied figs. Turning down the red velvet bread pudding to complete your meal is turning down an entrance in heavenly food bliss. Try it and let me know your thoughts :)
Super overrated. The sauce over powers any of the seafood flavour. Also, eating with gloves isn't great, even though it sounds like a lot of fun. It gives off a cheap dining experience; there are no dishes and everything is disposable -very environmentally unfriendly.
Great sushi!!! Very fresh and delicious!! Not too impressed with the original dishes you would find any where else. I go here for the sushi alone!
Probably the best sandwich I have ever had the place is amazing everytime I'm in Vegas it's a must with out a doubt I've even been there twice in one day service is friendly food is fresh and amazing can't go wrong with this place 100% must
This is a very nice looking restaurant...but it is in Scottsdale so I expect nothing less in term of appearance and decor.  My friends and I dine outside on a nice day in May so we could still tolerate the weather despite flies hovering over our table because we had the smoked salmon and halibut.  \n\nI heard about Olive & Ivy so so I was expecting superb dishes but it could be what we ordered because it certainly did not meet my expectations.  \n\nSmoked Salmon flatbread- I highly reccommend the flatbreads because it is delicious! \nYou know what else is delicious? Their homemade bread with pesto dip!!!!   I can eat this ALL DAY! \n\nMarinated Hanger Certified Angus Beef Steak- it was ok, nothing really special about this dish. \nAlaskan Halibut - this dish did not stand out at all.\nCavatelli Pasta- this was a disappointment, I ask the waiter for suggestion and this was what he suggested.  Maybe i'm not a Cavatelli fan, but it was like eating dough with minimal spiced ground pork.   Go ahead and try- see if you agree with me? \n\nSo go for the atmosphere, drinks, and bread! :)  I highly reccommend that!  \n\nIf you dine outside- you can see a little canal running through- so it is river side like dining.  Boojie ;)
High end american breakfast.   On par with some of the higher end places in the strip but 1/3 less cost.   They pretty much have everything that is popular so there is something for everyone.   Personally, I went in before noon and it wasn't that bad (have to pay for street parking).   If this place is too busy, there are other places that are a good fallback plan (popular donut bar).   Not a super huge place so expect to wait if there is a line.
At one time I was lucky enough to live only 3 miles from La Parriila Suiza.\nThis has to be THE best Mexican joint I've ever been to and I make it a point to eat there when I get back to Phoenix.\n"QUESO ESPECIAL" started it all.\nVERY friendly staff and authentic Mexican atmosphere make this place great for lunch and dinner.  If I still lived 3 miles away, I'd be tipping the scales @ 300+....
Though they had a decent selection of beer, I was disappointed that they told us the kitchen was closed at 10:10pm when we called before heading there at 10pm to ask the closing time and was told 11pm. Good thing buffalo wild wings was willing to serve.
One of my favourite places to grab some good fast burgers or hot dogs! Very easy and classic comfort food. Simple menu and decent prices.\n\nI have to say I personally love the orange julep itself. I wouldn't say it's for everybody but I was lucky enough to love it! The price used to be cheaper but obviously now it would go up because it's more popular. \n\nIf you're visiting Montreal from out of town or anywhere you must try this place!
The prices are superb and obviously thought out to please students.\n\nThe pizza is the best I've ever had in my whole life hands down and absolutely no competition. It was just SUPERB. Three choice of FREE toppings of which I always choose Parmesan.\n\nTHIS IS NOT A PLACE TO SIT AT. It's literally a hole in the wall take-out pizza place. Cash only, it takes mere minutes to prepare and it is almost always fresh out of the oven. Beverages are cheap if combined with the slices of Pizza.\n\nAn absolute must if you're walking by and hungry.\n\nCareful, you might need to wait outside if there are too many people in the waiting line. (Yes that's how small that place is.)
It was ok. I was expecting it to be a Wow but nope.  :(   It was average. \nWe got the trash can nachos $19.50, the first thing about nachos are the Chips! These chips were stale.... the toppings were good enough, the chipotle bbq sauce was my favorite out of the toppings. It had potential but it didn't happen tonight (so disappointing, it looked like the thing to get because while we were waiting for our seat we kept watching them come out of the kitchen)\nNext we got the bacon mac and cheese burger $21.50 the beef was tasty & it was a good combo of toppings but it wasn't a Wow! The fries were nothing special.  It was a trio of fries, regular, 2 wedge fries & crisscross fries. \nOverall the experience was average. I was expecting more quality.  Would I come back again? With all the other options vegas has to offer.... Nah.
Great coffee.  Decent pastry.  Place is a little too hip and full of itself for my taste, but the food and coffee are worth stopping in to try.  We just went by chance because it was the closest thing we could see at the time.
Left a lot to be desired.  \n\nFinally got a chance to come in for dinner. And I guess I had set my expectations a little high for what I ended up getting.\n\nFirst off, the service was excellent so this review is more about the food then the service.  Friendly hostess and our server was excellent as well. \n\nThe food however was average at best.  I ordered the Rigatoni with Bolognese sauce and it was bland and lacking flavor. It tasted store bought. Not something I'd expect from a restaurant. I'd rather have pasta at Oreganos. Much more flavor and freshness there.  For the price the food quality was no where near what they are charging.  \n\nI might give it another shot and order something else as they have a decent happy hour hopefully next time the food will be better.
This place is very expensive and the pizza was not that great. People have claimed that its the best around but honestly I have had much better pizza at other places in Pittsburgh. I'm not going to say which ones because this is a review of this place but know that they exist. \n\nWe ordered two large sicilian thin crust pizzas one cheese and one pepperoni, the first thing that I didn't like is that it wasn't a fresh pizza they took two pizzas that they had under lights and warmed them back up with the oven....Pure junk the pizza cheese had already been cooled once and didn't feel right to my mouth when they warmed it up. Anyone who has reheated pizza the next days knows what I am talking about.  \n\nSecondly this place is expensive for a basic pizza place, our two pizzas and two pitchers of pop came to $49.10 that's a lot of money for pizza and pop. I could have gotten 4 large pizzas at papa johns (with up to 5 toppings) and a 24 can case of pepsi at Giant Eagle and still had some change left over. Its not like we got a toppings loaded pizza either one was plain and the other had only pepperoni.  \n\nThirdly this place does not accept LivingSocial, Groupon, or any other things of that nature so if you have one they will only be accepted at the wexford location.  \n\nFourth, we got two pitchers of pop to drink you would think you would get a refill right? Most places offer that on pitchers of pop...think again refills were $3.00 for each pitcher so to get them refilled it cost another $6.00 on top of $49.10 we had already spent. We got two pitchers cause half the family likes Diet and the other half likes regular.  \n\nFifth, The staff is not friendly and really don't say much they look like they hate their jobs.\n\nPositives: They did provide parmesan shakers and pepper flakes on the tables which you will need because the pizza is bland and has no taste without those.  \n\nSummary: The pizza and beverages are expensive and the pizza is average to poor I would go some place else. My family and I will never go here again
I am a Chinese student here and have tried a lot of Chinese Food in AZ area. This one have terrible crappy food with the worst customer services. My roommate and I odered the lunch specical and they sent us the large size food which charged us more than $20 and they rejected to do anything for their mistake. \n\n==PANDA==========
So, came here for happy hour.   Nothing happy here.  Left in a sad minute.  The only happy hour items on the menu is half price appetizers from 4-6.  Disappointing because I was looking for happy hour drinks.  None.  Been to the same chain and they had happy hour drinks.  What a shame.   I left. \n\nThis place needs to turn my frown upside down! \n\nOh and they have a low sanitation rating.
I LOVE the spicy BBQ sauce!!!  It's awesome!  I've had the pork and beef sandwiches...yummy!  I've tasted the tri-tip...good.  The side madarin orange salad is good enough and their cornbread is good, also.  Plus, I love their flavored non-sweetened, iced tea!  \n\nOnly complaint?  It's HOT in here every single time I have gone.  Need to drop the temp by at least 10 degrees!
Decided to check this place out yesterday and it was amazing! I had the fresh rolls, vegan tofu pho, and a pineapple smoothie and loved every bite. The pho is huge and super flavorful for only $9. I loved that they had booths and all the plants inside. I will definitely be returning :)
I stumbled upon this place on Instagram and am so glad I did! The food was amazing. Genius idea.
Not much to look at on the outside but the inside is nice and clean. Food was good too. Reasonable priced. Would come back again.
Please don't waste your time or money!  Absolutely horrible, it taste as bad as the building looks! HORRIBLE SERVICE TOO!
Still looking for a solid taco place. I had high hopes for this place. Although it was good, it was not great. I am a huge fan of tripa, buche, and lengua tacos all of which were delicious! Only downside is they are a bit greasy so the tortilla falls apart and hard to eat. The plus is the tortillas are hand made corn tortillas. The carne asada was not seasoned so it was a bit bland. I will for sure come back.
Went with my family over the long weekend and was extremely pleased that they were able to take reservation (something that seems almost impossible to find in Toronto when it comes to brunch places).\n\nI ordered their standard breakfast. My over easy eggs were perfect, the cheddar choice biscuit was awesome and the beans were super yummy. My bacon was also crispy (just how I like it) and their decaf americano was good too. \n\nI'll definitely be back to try the Eggs Benedict with pulled pork!! \n\nDon't forget, if you're there before 11am they only have their side entrance open. I've heard that a few people have thought the place was closed, but they apparently have just implemented being open 24hours!! Excited that I can get breakfast whenever I want now!!
We had the al pastor tacos. They were very dry, the pineapple brought in some much needed moisture & sweetness but over all were lacking flavor. The margaritas were top notch.
Sake Rok defies stuffy stereotypes about sushi places, and forgoes typical dinning etiquette to be a  hybrid of a restaurant, a comedy club, and a dance club. \nWith Pittbull's music blaring and club lights spinning from the DJ booth in the corner, we walked in at dining room at Sushi Rok (pronounced 'Rock", like Rock and Roll, natch). We were seated quickly and a staff member came out to get our drink order. Our server soon followed to explain the menu, which includes traditional sushi roles, specialty rolls, and even steak- Because they are more than just sushi, our server explained. \nMore than sushi they are: someone that can only be described as a hype-man worked the room during our meal, moving table to table with a microphone to interview people and make jokey small talk. At one point he interrupted the dining room with his microphone to introduce a wacky "How to do sakki bombs" video, projected 10 feet up on the wall behind us. Then collectively as a restaurant we cheered on another table as they did their first sakki bomb drink. \nSchtick aside, the food was good. With big appetites, my table of 4 ordered a mix of several traditional roles, specialty rolls, edamame, and seaweed salads. The presentation was nice and the rolls were all delicious with more than enough to go around. Because I like a value, I found our bill to be surprisingly reasonable for the amount of food and drinks. Not to mention, we got a dose of all the on-site entertainment swirling around us. \nIf you are looking for a traditional sushi place, this place won't appeal to you, but as a fun alternative, especially if you have a large group, this is a good dining option with a lot of Vegas flair.
Le gérant de la restauration nous abordent en anglais en premier. Très désagréable la petite madame aux lunettes. Nous avons acheté une crème glacée à 1 dollar et elle nous a fondu dans les mains après seulement 15 secondes. Je retourne pour me faire rembourser personne peut me rembourser il faut attendre 10 minutes. Moi par chez moi j'appelle ça du vol de temps. Les employés devraient être capable de rembourser une foutue crème glacée à 1 dollar. Bravo pour votre excellent service à la clientèle je n'irai plus jamais manger chez vous c'est certain
Best buffet we've ever been to! No idea why this place would only have 3.5 stars. We stayed for 2 hours!
Very cool setup with plenty of room however the wait staff seems to have trouble serving everyone. I was there on a not busy Wednesday night. Our waitress rarely showed up, then brought my entire group of 12 ONE bill without ever asking if we wanted to separate...very annoying. The drink prices are pretty high too.
I was invited for a celebration dinner.  My bro got a promotion!!   We made a reservation for 8.  We arrived and was seated within 5 mins.  The place is nice, clean, and open.  The bar is in the middle of the place.  They have indoors and outdoors for seating.  Menu looks good and lots of selections.  Our server was nice but she was very forgetful.  We had a kid and he needed a kid's menu.  Never came, I got up to ask for one at the hostess' station.  She took our orders then 10 mins she came back to confirm our orders.  Then she came back to inform us that one of the dish they were out, but she did not remember who ordered what.  OMG!  The service was so so slow.  We had to ask anyone working by for refills.  I ordered the St. Louis Ribs.  Ribs were good and tender.  That was the highlight of the visit.
I ordered delivery from here. Ordered the steak kebab and chicken lula combo. Tabbouleh and hummus as side. And an order of backlava. \n\nFood was acceptable. Wasn't anything outstanding or make me keep coming back for me. The pricing for the backlava seemed a little high for its price. The steak kebab was a little tough. The chicken lula was a lot better. Tabbouleh was really good and flavorful. Hummus was standard, nothing that was impressive. I might give this place another shot in the future, maybe dine in if I'm ever in the area to. Not a bad place but not the best.
I've travel alot and this has got to be one of the best steaks if not the best meal I've ever had
Amazing Thai food.\n\nCan't go wrong here. But had to wait 45 minutes for a table, which is sayin' something..that it's worth it.\n\nRed Curry was good, Pad Thai even better. However, should be more generous with the rice when you order the curry.
Wow.  Amazing.  Delicious home cooked taste and feel.  I loved it.  I had the cabbage roll and stuffed pepper with boiled potatoes and will definitely be returning.
Souper good~
I was surprised by this place..who would've thought in madison, wisconsin...fish was fresh(got the tuna nigiri plate which had the different types of tuna) and loved the pork belly.
I tried the yelp deal here, which comes with 3 baos, a drink of your choice, and a bag of chips for $10.\n\nI tried the duck, chicken, and pork belly baos, a raspberry italian soda, and received a bag of sun chips.\n\nThe duck and chicken were relatively similar and delicious, though I preferred the duck a little more than the chicken since it was slightly more tender.\n\nIn terms of the pork belly, if you like the salted mustard greens that come with most taiwanese dishes such as minced pork and rice, then you will like this bao. Otherwise, you may not be a fan. Since the mustard greens aren't one of my favorites, I wasn't overly excited about this bao.\n\nThe raspberry italian soda was great. Get this if you aren't sure what drink to order.\n\nOverall, I was pretty impressed with the experience of gourmet food and drinks served here. If you're confused to the location, it's in the hair salon in the same plaza as the 24 hour fitness. Not sure why they are in the hair salon right now, but good food is good food regardless of the location.
This place is awesome! My boyfriend and I went here for our first time tonight and everything was amazing. The atmosphere is so pretty and cozy, the waiter was incredibly attentive and helpful, the drinks were yummy, food was so tasty and everything was really fast! Also, the patio is dog friendly so that's a huge plus. This is my new go to place for a nice drink on the weekends, it's not crowded and the drinks are awesome! Definitely will be coming back soon!
Stayed at the aurora inn while working a horse show at Chagrin Valley Farm. It was a nice surprise to find the tavern attached. \nI can't speak for the food--we only stopped for drinks. But the bartender was awesome, drinks were strong and well done. \n\nOh and my boyfriend proposed on the patio. So I'm automatically a fan of this place now
Without a doubt, this is the best Mexican restaurant in Toronto.\nIt reminds me a lot of Grand Electric in many ways, but I rate it higher than Grand Electric because the menu is authentic, larger, they takes reservations, and the place has a level of raw authenticity. \n\nThe food will blow your mind. It's simple and real mexican flavours, taco's made from scratch, kitschy and funny menu items like the bucket of shrimp, beautifully real ceviche, and even oysters. And well on the reasonably cheap side of the spectrum. \n\nThe space is intimate and cute. It's tucked away at Dupont and Davenport, and is a neat little place to get away from the craziness of the Annex but still experience it's charm. \n\nThe service is excellent. But don't go without a reservation. You will wait an hour or two even with the patio open in the summer.
We discovered this gem last night. Mediterranean food is my favorite cuisine in the world. I have been fortunate enough to visit Turkey for almost a month and while there, I never had any food that was not superb. Anxious to try this after reading good reviews, we were not disappointed. I had the chicken shawarma plate while my husband had the gyro plate. I also had a bowl of their lentil soup.  Everything we were served was incredible, I particularly loved their tabouli and the lentil soup.  Both meats were prepared beautifully and the rice had a lovely subtle flavor.  I have never really liked baklava but their version was magnificent. I realize I have used many superlative adjectives but that's how good this place proved to be. If you love really good quality, well prepared food with a Mediterranean flavor, you will love this place.
Not often will I start a review with the following statement... Their salad with the champagne dressing was fantastic. It's 103 outside and this was light and refreshing. The deviled eggs were awesome and the BLT was great. All in all, next time in Phoenix, I'll try to make it back. \n\nWell, I was able to make it back and it is just as good as I remembered.
This is my favorite breakfast place on university. I love it and have been going here sense I was a kid. Great service, usually pretty fast. Sometimes the wait can be long but I don't complain about it because they have such great food! This is the only place that I can get great hash browns and delicious pancakes.
My experience with MotorMouth wasn't good and wasn't bad. They had an extremely long line this past Wednesday because a few of the food trucks didn't show up for walnut wednesday - there were longer lines at every truck. Anyways, I ordered the Shrimp Tacos. The description on the board was better than the product, I think . If I'm going to wait about 30 minutes for a couple tacos, they better be amazing! The tortilla was a little too charred (and I like them on the charred side), the mango and peach salsa was... tough? it certainly didn't remind me of the buttery mangoes I'm used to! The avocado ... drizzle ... was a low percentage of actual avocado. The one element that was assuredly perfect in this dish was the shrimp. Cooked perfectly and what gained this experience 3 stars.
From my point of view, the food is not authentic Japanese. Japanese restaurant is famous for polite and good customer service and great well-made food. In Chaya, the price does not match the food quality, nor the customer service. Comparing to other non-fast food sushi restaurants, Chaya has no advantage but higher price.\n\nAbout their customer service, my friends told me one time when they just finished eating, and just chatted a little while, the staff came to ask them to leave in order to save seats for other guests. I thought perhaps this was tolerable. When I was waiting with my friend during busy hours, I saw at least 3 tables were empty in about 25 minutes, but the waitress completely ignored us. After waiting for a while more, I had to ask the staff if we could seat  and they told us they need to clean the table, but I saw the tables had all been cleaned up already.
This spot is a favorite amongst valley poker players, as the owner Jose happens to be a fellow enthusiast.\n\nI finally got to try it out on the recommendation of other regulars at the card table and I can tell you without a doubt this deceptively small and unassuming diner has the best chicken you're likely to eat in all the East Valley. Give them a try, I've heard comparisons to El Pollo Loco, and that is frankly an insult to this, the true mom n' pop chicken diner.\n\nInexpensive, well plated, well priced and you won't leave hungry. These guys are well worth a visit!
Amazing service , amazing sushi I would definitely recommend this place for sushi lovers :D
Made a reservation, drove down from North Scottsdale (in a storm) and they're closed! Taken off our list. So unprofessional. If you're closed then don't accept reservations online.
We stayed at Bellagio multiple times.  Each time before checking out, we would have breakfast at the Café.  We didn't have to wait for it was at 3 A.M.   The service was prompt and accommodating.  We would definitely be back.
Went back to Miro for the third time. Fell for one of the specials: Halibut topped with an andouille gravy over broccolini.  Once again I fell for a description that was probably accurate but not as expected. I had a nice piece of  grilled halibut that was topped with crushed tomatoes and two small 1/8" thick slices of andouille sausage. Could hardly notice them on my plate. Considering I fell for the fish/sausage combination description, I was disappointed. Flavor was good and service was great. That's twice now the specials have let me down though.
Simple. Fast service, has all the kbbq dish needed for a fantastic meal. We go here every time we are about to head back from Vegas- it's a good closing meal about the whole experience. Ditch the lunch special and get straight to the all day menu: marinated short rib is a must!
Takeaway: This is damn good BBQ but it's only available for lunch! The baked beans are incredible because they use excess meat trimmings.  I'm sure this place gets packed around noon so come off normal hours if you want less crowd but beware your favorites could be gone.\n\nWe stopped by a little after 2p after we were both craving some BBQ.  And as soon as we walked in we knew we hit a gold mine. The place as tons of meat options and you know they are popular because more than half the options were already gone.  We got the pulled pork and brisket with sides of the baked beans, grits and all the standard BBQ fixings: onions, jalepenos, etc.  The meat was incredibly tender and both options we got were solid.  The baked beans were other-worldly; they use the extra trimming off their meat to help flavor their baked beans and they might be the best I've ever had.  They have two BBQ sauce options regular and spicy; their spicy sauce could definitely be hotter so don't be intimidated.
Good. Yummy rack of lamb on the prix fixe for two. Appetizers are seriously appetizers... In layman's terms very, very small portions. Do not expect something that will carry you to your meal because the food takes quite a while to prepare- particularly on a busy night. All in all very delicious, though and very much worth the wait. No mussels on the menu in the summer as they are out of season, but also delicious if you happen to get there when they have them. \n\nAtmosphere is loud and not very intimate, and seating arrangement is very hit or miss, but they do offer bar seating if you're just popping in for a quick bite.
I hadn't been to Iruna since the Yelp Event last year. We made reservation for a party of 8 and were seated immediately upon our arrival.\nIt was awesome to go with a big group because I was able to sample almost everything on the menu. \n\nA few of my favorites:\nDates  - Everything is better wrapped in bacon.\nChistorra - Spanish chorizo, while a tad hard the flavor was excellent\nScallops with White Asparagus - Perfectly cooked\nBrussel Sprouts - Roasted with Thyme\nGambas - Big and juicy\nTrout - Very moist and the rub was smoky and spicy\nI was also pretty amazed by both the quail and the duck. Each are items I would not normally order, and each were delicious. Actually, I think the quail was once of my favorites that night.\n \nThe service was excellent, our drinks were always full, and the food timing was perfect. We finished off with a shot of espresso and were off to enjoy the rest of our evening.\n\nI have to remember to come back for  1/2 Price Bottles of Wine on Wednesday's!!
This is my favorite healthy, trendy restaurant. I love the location, the price, and the variety of healthy vegetarian options. There are always great, fresh juices stocked for when I want to quickly run in. The line is never too long and the dining area is always so clean. I love the patio space as well. The food is consistent with every visit and comes out in a timely manner. I love that the menu is always adding fun new items and that the items are easily modifiable. I always bring my friends here!
I went in for takeout and have so far consumed half a plain Montreal bagel. Delicious. Remaining bagels will be sliced and tossed into my freezer.\n\nI don't know that I would eat in at this place. Clientele looked to be in yucky moods and for all the people working there the eat-in area was not clean.
Been here many times and have never been disappointed.  Had lunch today with wife and daughter. I had the duck confit enchiladas,  my wife had the open-face steak sandwich and my daughter had the ahi tuna sandwich. I hesitate to tell you how good the enchiladas were because the last time i was there they had ran out of them. Suffice it to say there's a reason they run out of them, simply incredible. I'd like to tell you how good the steak sandwich was but my wife ate it all before i had a chance to try it and she's usually a very slow eater.  Oh well, she said it was delicious. My daughter's tuna was very good but the sauce tended to be a little heavy and a little too hot for the fish. Hey, had to complain about something, otherwise id never get a table.
Coffee Cats is another local cafe that has a cute neighbourhood atmosphere. \nWhile the service wasnt overly friendly, the lady behind the counter was very efficient and let us know the gigantic cookie, along with most of the other baked goods were made in house. The "chocolate chip" cookie I bought was harder (which I happen to love) and crumbly...matter of fact, it didnt look like a cookie at all..and tasted healthier than a cookie would. It was curious, but I still really enjoyed it, and the huge medium americano I ordered. The medium was the size of a large in most places, so my tip is stay by the bathroom if you order the large of any drink.
The food here is fantastic. My wife and I eat here on a regular basis because the quality of the experience has always been so high.\n\nThe atmosphere is comfortable, and family friendly even though there is a bar off of the entrance. I would never come here with out a reservation though in the evenings because the wait times are always at least 30 minutes.\n\nThe restaurant seems to train their help well since the service levels are high being attentive to its patrons without being annoying.\n\nI highly recommend.
I had high hopes for this place, as korean restaurants are a dime a dozen in this area. After a Volleyball game, my team and I, (mostly korean) decided to give this place a try. Only do it if your into mediacore and overhyped food, and ghastly atmosphere. they really gotta focus on their concept....Korean Cowboys? I think the only thing Cowboy related was the Sawdust Chicken. \n\nWe Ordered a round of drinks, all were from tap and the regular coors and canadians were not available. You do have somersby on Tap, with a soju somersby mixer combo which was actually quite good and interactive. on to the food...\n\nkimchi fries. i didn't know if they were fries, or slivers of potato. the dishes were fantastic, whats in them, i was a little bit confused. it was over bearing with the sauce and I didn't see any kimchi. (and i eat a lot of kimchi)\n\nsawdust chicken. where to start. The garnishing with the vegetables and garlic flakes were actually really good. The chicken was over cooked and almost completely just batter. this ones a miss, good concept and good try though.\n\nI don't remember what its called on the menu, but the spicy rice cake, or dukbokki was not up to par to other korean restaurants. poorly spiced and proportionately small, there was maybe 5 pieces of the rice cake and everything else was fillers of vegetables. \n\nI got recommended the Squid and Pear Anju. Gave it a shot. again, good attempt, but its not a homerun. the pear was fresh and fantastic, but the squid placed on top of the sliced pears (similar shape to the kimchi fries) with Chamkirum sauce was, a poor attempt to sweeten a korean classic. Live San Nakji. (live squid dish)\n\ndisappointing. they're gonna have to do a huge revamping of the menu and concept of their place, cause it just wasn't working. \n\non a side note, their cheese corn, something you can't mess up, was delicious! the addition of peppers into their corn hot pan was actually a great treat. \n\nI will not, and cannot at the moment recommend.
Service isn't the greatest. If you don't drink beer, drink specials can be somewhat lacking as well. Food is usually pretty good. Nachos are awesome. Wings are great. The pizza is always good too. The lunch buffet isn't a bad deal. Lots of TVs and a nice outdoor area.
We had to try this place...I've been to one back east, but that was in the early 80s. If nice then, all we get to have is the frozen ones. I must admit, I enjoy the frozen ones more cause they're moist and seemed to have more flavor than the ones at the Vegas spot. Didn't like the fries...but ok for a quick bite.
I really enjoy this place. It has a nice Californian feel. Along with this the meals are delicious. I suggest a steak sandwhich or chicken sandwich. The salads they prepare are also excellent.
Good food even better service and staff. Mom and pop type atmosphere. Gnoki was amazing. Would like to see fresh mushrooms used in the future.  \nOh yeah desserts are all ready and in to go containers for you.  Can't say no.
Had their diamond mango slush. I wanted to like this lil mom and pop looking shop in the middle of Korea town, but it was just meh. The slush flavour was fine, but they cut the mango chunks too big. Couldn't drink it through the straw. Where's the fun in that?
Out of all the Vigs this one is my favorite! I love the outside part.  The food and service has been consistently fantastic every time I've been. I can't really recommend any one thing because everything has been delicious and I'd have them all again!
We love taking visitors to Forte- the food and staff are great!\nLast night we devoured the dates with bacon, benitzeh, angry ginger lemonade with vodka, Thracian wine, Easter lamb, Varenike potato pies with onion, Solyanka Russian soup and lentil soup. \nMy Bulgarian husband went through his bakhlava like lightning!\nI like the atmosphere and of course Nataliya and her colleagues are very helpful explaining the foods.\nI like the music soundtrack which is fun and very European plus at times on certain nights there is really cool ethnic music.\nIf you have not checked out Forte, don't be the last person in town to love it!!
I have ordered from Slate a few times now. What on earth do they do for their shrimp cocktail to be superb compared to others?\n\nThe last order I placed contained 3, yes, 3, orders of their shrimp cocktail. It's one of the few places around (for delivery) that have it on the menu. $11 huge shrimpos, charred lemon and house cocktail sauce. Incredible! I eat the leftover cocktail sauce. Go on, feel free to judge me but it's that good.\n\nThe burchetta surprised me when it arrived because I was expecting the bread slices similar to other places with mix and match bruchetta boards. Slate has what would be bite size bruchetta for me, sliced in half so they're nibble sized, for me.... again, go ahead and judge me. It was delicious but I certainly wanted more. I'm likely to skip next time just due to the cost vs the portion. \n\nI've also had their Kale salad. I have to admit, it was more kale than anything else and for me, it almost tasted as though the quinoa wasn't properly toasted off to get rid of that fast quinoa has when it's hit boiled. Not my favorite although the kale was fresh it just didn't do it for me. \n\nI would live on the shrimp cocktail though and I know it's a weird item to go on and on about. I'd like to give their dinner menu a try only I keep finding myself ordering around lunch time before dinner is offered. \n\nNext? That lobster risotto. I will def update once I've tried a few more items out.
This was a first visit for all six of us. The portions are huge. We ordered two entries and a salad and had more than enough. The chicken Marsala was terrific. The chicken was very thin, the mushroom gravy was scrumptious. The spaghetti and meatballs was very moist and tasty. The sauce was very thick and flavorful. The anti pasta green salad was yummy, with a delicious dressing. Everyone was impressed and enjoyed the meal.
We were planning a trip to Cleveland for a concert and found this on Groupon.  It's in a nice area, we actually spent about an hour or so walking around the city right after dinner.\n\nThe food was amazing!  Great selection and pairings.  It wasn't really busy when we were there so the service could have been better in my opinion but wasn't horrible.  Great atmosphere and I would definitely return when I'm back in the area.
English-style ales and consistently good food ... how can you go wrong? The Granite provides a great offering of their own brews (try a flight)!, plus a menu with a whole variety of choices (personally, I love the Greek Salad with a piece of salmon added on top.) \n\nFriendly service, CLEAN WASHROOMS (this is important, people) and tasty craft brews ... love this place.
This is probably worst Pizza Hut location you can order from! terrible customer service, the workers were very rude and had no desire to help. Lazy lazy lazy lazy! If you want your pizza on time and fresh, don't order from here. Thanks for the great service ;)!
I went in today and got the Tropical Crimson, which seems to be very popular among Yelp reviewers who've visited Infuse. The drink was nice and refreshing. \n\nThere's free wifi in the store (ask for the password) which is great! Oh and you can sign up for their rewards program in store and you'll get a free drink!
Wow.  If you want authentic soul food, this is the place to go.  I had the meatloaf on special and what great flavor, melt in your mouth good.  The collards were phenomenal and the curried chicken rice was unique and good.  Portion sizes are generous, and on the pricey side, but comes with a drink.  It's still a great value.
The pho and spring rolls were great! The staff was very accommodating. I will definitely be back.
Drunken noodles were delish. Loved the lunch special that comes with a free soup and roll. The Thai iced tea was a bit overwhelming with delicious flavor, I had to water it down, but if you love sweet you'll love it full flavor. Lunch time prices were pretty reasonable and service wasn't as friendly as one would want but they were on point. I'll will for sure be back.
A bit expensive but it's one of the best, if not the best all you can eat sushi restaurants in the GTA. Their sushi is great but their other items are sort of so-so. They bring you a sample platter with their specialty sushi at the start and explained each one of them to us, it was a great touch and they were all delicious! The service is great and the food comes ridiculously fast when you send your order into the kitchen via the provided ipad.
As an Eastsider, I'm always looking for a great spot for food and drinks close to home.  I was hoping that the Jovian Taphaus would deliver, but unfortunately it fell flat.  The restaurant/sports bar itself is still welcoming and comfortable, and the gorgeous view hasn't changed.  Unlike previous experiences at Cloude 9, our service was great and the beer selection was decent.  But the food disappointed.  \nWe sat at the bar and ordered the mac and cheese, short rib sliders, and fried pickles.  \n\nThe pasta in the mac and cheese was overdone and mushy.  Normally I love bacon, and think it's probably the greatest invention ever, but it completely overpowered the dish to the point that I wondered if the sauce on the mac and cheese actually contained cheese.  Because I certainly couldn't taste any.\n\nThe fried pickles were abysmal.  I love, love, love a good fried pickle, and I think that in order to do them well, you have to start with ice cold thickly sliced pickles so they retain their firmness and crunch through the deep frying.  Unfortunately, these pickles were thin and limp, and so encased in batter that you had to hunt to actually find the pickle.  Plus they were greasy as heck.  We took the leftovers home in a doggy bag for our dogs, and they didn't even like the deep fried pickles.  \n\nThe short rib sliders were easily the best dish of the night.  And by best, I'd say average.  They were fundamentally okay - tender shredded short ribs on a nice brioche bun.  But they could have benefited from some oomph - maybe a bolder aioli or at least more of it.  \n\nIf you like bland "upscale" bar food along the lines of your local TGI Friday's or Applebee's, then you'll probably find Jovian Taphaus to your liking.  But if you're hoping for something that's actually delicious and not just meh, you'll be very disappointed.
Going to Chandler High school I became a lifelong Elmer's fan, nothing beats strips and a bean and chee.
Must Try: Fried Chicken & Waffles, Fried Chicken Dinner, Griddle Smashed Burgers (Dirty Thirty or Beast Style), Biscuits w/ Sausage Gravy, BBQ Ribs n' Chicken \n\nRating: ( /10) Food, ( /10) Service, ( /10) Value, ( /10) Ambience, (/10) Presentation, ( /10) Cleanliness\n\nMy Experience:  \n\nStockyards is one of the highest rated Toronto spots on Yelp, and there's a reason why: It's Gaddam Delicious! The restaurant is not huge, and line ups are frequent, but the quality of service and food is outstanding. \n\nThe fried chicken is hands down one of the best in the city, with large pieces and the perfect batter. If you're feeling particularly hungry, the burgers are made with a special technique that smashed the patty and seals in flavour. \n\nDifferent days offer different specials, so keep plan accordingly. If you're brave enough to venture out for their Sunday Brunch, it'll be well worth the wait. Friend Chicken and Waffles are a no brainer, but they make a mean biscuit and gravy! Tuesday, Friday and Sundays, at 5 pm, Stockyards services up their special BBQ Ribs, which prove to be well with the effort to grab a bite of this elusive dish. \n\nI've noticed that, more often than not, most people call ahead and take out, which is a great way to enjoy the meal without any long wait. The staff is beyond friendly, very laid back and full of conversation.
Beers are good but don't bother for food especially not for breakfast. Also, whether you're there for food just drinks, make sure you have enough time... Service is friendly but extremely slow!
I'd put this at about 1.5 stars, but am rounding up.  I was coming out to Vegas and had 3 nights booked at New York New York.  I had a last minute opportunity to come to Vegas 2 nights early, so I decided to look at hotel options.  Seeing that the Las Vegas hilton's price dropped from 299/night to 104/night at the last minute..I decided to help them fill the hotel.  \n\nThe hotel - I realize that this is the Las Vegas strip, and everything costs extra...but I really felt nickled and dimed at this hotel.  From the 3.50 bottled water at the pizza hut (4.00 in the room), to the 13.99/night internet, to the 6.75 bottles of beer at the bar.  The bright spot was the free parking, though that seems to be fairly standard out here.   The star trek experience was closed down... which was disappointing even though I'm not a trekkie.  The location of the hotel is not ON the strip... It's either a short walk, or a monorail ride away.\n\nAs a hilton diamond member, I received a room "upgrade".  Apparently the upgrade only gave me a bigger tv, and a more comfortable bed.  Considering the VERY limited channel selection, the big tv was rather pointless...though the bed was quite cozy.  (I guess the big tv might be nice if you decided to rent movies to watch) If you are a hilton gold or diamond member, make SURE to bring your hiltonhonors card along.  Without it, you don't get your free breakfast buffet, or free fitness center access.  (Even if they already have your number on file)\n\nThe room - I liked the great water pressure in the shower.  I also thought the "hydraulic toilet seat" was a nice touch.  However, the negatives outweighed the positives.  The shower was designed for midgets.  The showerhead was literally at chest height for me... and I'm only about 6 feet tall !!!!.  Squatting while showering is NOT a comfortable experience.   The weather was rather chilly during my stay, and the heater didn't work worth a darn.  It literally took about 5 hours to get the room to a comfortable temperature with the heat cranked to maximum.  The windows were so dirty that it looked as if they hadn't been cleaned in years.  I realize that dust blows around in the desert, but it certainly shouldn't be THAT bad.  Add in the long wait for elevators in my tower, and it made the entire experience less than desirable.  Thank goodness I'm headed to another hotel, and am not relying on this place for my entire stay.
Came here for their falafel sandwich. I ordered mine with no garlic sauce. Sandwich was loaded and tasty as advertised. They also sell falafel as a plate and as a side order. Nice clean decor. Worth checking out.
Wow, how do you screw up pizza? There is mediocre pizza and great pizza but I don't know that I've ever had pizza this bad. It makes those totino party pizzas look good. The sauce was terrible. Only the crust was worse. The cheese and toppings had no flavor. You'd think a vegan place would have decent veggies but that was not the case. This about the only time I'd suggest Little Caesars over a mom and pop place. Just garbage, steer clear.
\n Steak first, wine later... If you're a wine connoisseur, I recommend Jordan Cabernet Sauvignon 2002, the depth of the bouquet complemented both the steak and lamb. A friend of mine and I had dinner Christmas Day after confirming they would be open till 10pm.  Arrived at the restaurant 6:35pm.. some customers but not packed at all.  Had to wait about 4 mins to be acknowledged and seated.  Another 5-7 mins before someone takes the order for Hot Tea.... Then the order was taken, 3 entrees and 1 Assorted Won Ton Soup aka Wor Won Ton Tong.  When the soup was delivered, almost 20 mins later... excuse from Server was, "the kitchen lost the ticket".  Ok... soup looks good but 5 mins later... the 3 entrees were delivered.  Now that is not good since I was still on my 1st bowl of soup.  That's not good because by the time I am finished with the soup, the other food was getting cold... no longer hot out of the kitchen.  Had 2 ask twice in a 20 min time frame for plain old water for my friend.  And this time was requested in English.  The server was very distracted...Chinese woman obviously was not "with the program".  She was quick to deliver the check and asked to pack the leftovers while we were still eating.  I speak fluent Cantonese being HK born so language was not a barrier.  I tipped only 10% for this poor service.  I was invited back for Dim Sum... Not sure I will be in a hurry for that.  Dim Sum is no fun room temperature.
Remedy's has a wonderful ambiance!  I enjoyed this very much as well as the service.\n\nThe food choices are also varied, from burgers, wraps, salads and larger entrees like steaks, chicken, fish, fish and chips...\n\nWe ordered the ribeye steak and the grilled chicken.  Each order came out with a nicely presented garden salad with dressing on the side.  Tasty and fresh.\n\nThe meals come out fairly quickly.  The chicken we ordered with double vegetables and no rice.  The ribeye, medium.  \n\nOverall, the chicken was tasty and the veggies were good. Just the dish was on the "smaller portion" side.\n\nThe ribeye is not on the bone, but at those prices you would not expect it to be.  Not bad, tasty as well, just sometimes a bit chewy.  I think that can be normal with an inexpensive cut of ribeye.\n\nOverall, great experience, great prices and awesome service.  I would for sure come back.\n\nGK says, check it out.
Price is high due to being inside the casino. I ordered the loaded nachos which is superb and the angus burger is not too bad but very small for $14.\nAtmosphere is very good, couches and big lounge chair make it very cool to impress wife. But must order first at the counter is kind of weird since the place looks high end but no service. So I guess no tips necessary.
They used to have the most amazing mussels in either a white wine or spicy tomato sauce but they took it off the menu this year. Other than that, I find the menu somewhat stuck between Italian and pub food. The sign has posted that there will be a new menu soon and I am holding my breath hoping for the mussels to come back but I have a bad feeling the new menu is the one that removed the mussels. It's got a nice atmosphere and it's a fun place to come for a drink and some dinner, but it's missing the "je ne sais quois" that makes it a classic neighbourhood joint. That being said, I do like the place and I will keep going back! I just hope the new menu brings some harmony.
I was looking for a new Thai spot and I found this spot... I entered the restaurant to a growing trend of mine I am the only customer in the place. I was seated really fast and looked around the place was super clean... I looked over the menu and went with the drunken noodles with a rib eye up grade spice level 8 of 10... I rate the experience as followed.\n\nDrunken Noodles - B \n\nThe meal was pretty good it was not really spicy so if you're not in to hot food your safe... I did find some gristle in the meal that I was not impressed with but I would say I will be back again.
I debated posting the full story, but the service was very bad, and I'd like to justify my low rating.\n\nLet me just say, the food here was good when I actually had it. So good, I wanted to place a pick up order that a friend would get and bring to a party I was having.\n\nAt noon on a Friday I called Getaway to place an order for wings. \n\n1) When I asked how many wings were in an order I was placed on hold so the hostess could get a manager to answer my question. (Ok)\n2) After deciding to get a bucket I asked to pre-pay so that my friend would only need to pick up and go, I was put on hold again while the Manager got ANOTHER manager who knew how to run as credit card payment, (really?)\n3) I hung up after providing all my card info and letting them know the order would be picked up at 4pm.  When my friend got there, no one had any idea about the order and said that didn't have it, and that the earlier manager hadn't left any note. I told my friend to forget about it. (You've got to bee kidding)\n4) On the way out they stop her to say that the kitchen did indeed have the order made. GREAT! Except they still didn't know anything about a payment and she would have to pay for the order. (Oh, heck no!)\n\nThis was after already being there for 20 min and the wait staff were not remotely apologetic.  Not only had they failed to check with the kitchen in that time, but they expected double payment.  So they kept their wings and my card was still charged.  When I called on Monday to speak with a manager about the charge, I was told that none were there and they weren't sure when he'd arrive.  I called twice and had zero apology, help, or resolution.
My sister and I were expecting a run of the mill Indian joint on our way back from SC, but this place far exceeded expectations! The owner/chef came out multiple times to give us extras and ask how are meal was. He even explained the cooking process to us and told us how he makes everything daily from scratch. Will definitely eat here again.
Place is huge! Food came out within 5 minutes! Huge portions ! Service was great, bunch of young hot girls. Would def recommend! But I'm still on team "Eggstasy". :)
Spicy tonkatsu ramen was very salty and kind of one noted for the vegetarian ramen as well. Decent but wouldn't come back.
Fast service and excellently priced. Can also bring your laptop and study here if you wish to do so.
We've eaten here three times.  Two times, the food was great but the service was terrible.  Once, the service was great but the food was... okay. When the food is good, the meat melts and the fatty bits are gloriously caramelized.  And you can mostly forget that the service is so bad and the prices absurdly high.   That's why we came back that third time.   But when the meat is dry and chewy, suddenly it's complete madness that about 4 ounces of burnt ends are $18, as is a modestly-sized brisket sandwich. There was serious sticker shock. \n\nIf the food was always up to the initial standards, they improved the service, and brought the prices into line, I'd be there weekly.   Two of those three, and probably monthly.  As it is, I don't think we'll be heading back.
Sadly, I am basically only updating this review because I am obsessed with their turkey sandwich. It's that good. I don't need to write anything else. Oh wait, yes I do. Pretzel bun. Pretzel. Bun. Ok, now this review is complete.
Tasty appetizers, dinner and dessert!  Close to the convention center and nearby hotels.
I have tried this place a couple of times. Once to eat and once to drink. The food is very average and you are paying more for the reputation of being on man vs food, etc. It is definitely an experience to eat here and we thought it was a unique idea with the size of the burgers and the stick of butter in the milkshakes, etc. On the other hand when we came in later to drink on a separate trip I didn't care for the staff. We are in Vegas to have fun and let loose. Instead we had the bartender who was having a bad night and decided to take it out on the customers. I felt we were under the microscope and she was looking for us to step out of line to release her built up frustration. With so much competition downtown you have to cater to people having fun and not rain on our parade! My advice is to remind your staff they are in the people business and if they only got into it just for the tips regardless of service and attitude they are in the wrong line of work...
If you're a tourist, and don't have many choices of Japanese cuisine in your home town, Raku is the place for the Japanese experience...\nThere are better, and less expensive Japanese Restaurants in LA, OC, and the Bay area.  \nFood was Ok, service a bit stiff and slow.
Came by again with a friend just to hang out. It really does seem like they fixed the problem with waiters that they used to have.\n\nThe service was great, they were friendly and very helpful whenever I had a question. The food never disappoints, I love the cheesecakes and ice cream :)\n\nWill be coming back again!
The service was amazing and I really wanted to try all their buckets of cocktails if I had the time. We had the Pao Kee Mao Chicken (2 Chilis) and Massaman Braised Beef Curry (1 chili). The chicken was really spicy but tasted really good so it was really hard to stop. My curry was slightly sweet so it didn't feel like there was much heat and I kinda wished there was. Overall it was pretty good but Ive definitely had better. I would go again.
The butter Chicken ,Chicken tikki marsala , and Karahi Lamb all are out of this world. Garlic naan is fresh and perfect. This place has excellent food and great service. Authentic atmosphere.
It's been awhile since I've been back so I thought I'd give it another shot before my workout. \n\nThere was a gentleman behind the counter instead of a woman. He was nice and was able to make my order vegan. He was also kind enough to sub out a non vegan sauce for one I would like. \n\nI ordered a veggie burger without the bun since the bun wasn't vegan and a gluten free vegan bun was $3 more. After consuming the burger, the bun wouldn't have made a difference. It was bland and...well bland. The tofu fries on the other hand were amazing! Add the BBQ sauce and wow! \n\nService was a lot better from my first visit last year. I was asked if I needed anything else after my food was delivered and I asked if silverware was in a specific area. The gentleman then offered to grab them for me instead. The staff seemed more cheerful than what I experienced last year.\nHowever I can see why they would be Debbie downers. They have people coming in asking for sparkling water in a different language. Just say sparkling water! \n\nOverall, this visit was better than the first. And to the lady who was asked to leave because your dog wasn't a service dog, there's still no sign saying service dogs only.  Remember, it's a food establishment...with an open juice bar. I'm sure most people would like their juices without animal hair.
Wow I was extremely extremely disappointed with my visit to little fin. I as excited to try the black bun that you keep seeing advertised and the fresh lobster menu items. To my disappointment there was no black buns, the Lobster Poutine we ordered had no gravy and lack of lobster, the grilled cheese lobster had 3 pieces of lobster. The item I enjoyed most was the lobster hotdog but I was still a little turned off by the disappointment form the other items we ordered. I'm not sure if the lobster poutine was supposed to have gravy but it was dry. \n\nThe location and store is nice and clean but very small so it's very crowded at lunch. Don't expect to have a table. Best to order and go or standup table
Quite possibly the best steak I've ever had. The service is outstanding and though some may find it expensive, the quality of the food makes it well worth the price. If you are in downtown Pittsburgh, this is a place you definitely have to try. If you are a foodie like we are, you can't miss this place.
Our go to delivery Japanese restaurant. They're reliable, and give good portions of food. The miso soup is delicious! Chicken Katsu is one of my favorites.
My morning routine, great coffee great staff. I get the almond milk latte, they have a Nutella and Banana croissant. Always a solid experience and a good value... brining the craft back to coffee making.
Nice dining room area though a bit dark even in the afternoon, bar was bustling with happy hour patronage.  I had the NYC burger for $12 which was topped with Pastrami, Swiss Cheese and Kraut. I had high hopes for this combination being a fan of the pastrami sandwiches but was let down when the burger arrived, the pastrami and kraut was barely visible and mostly indistinguishable from the beef on the burger. Kraut has such a distinct flavor but not here, they need to charge a buck more and double the toppings.  The beef was cooked perfectly and had great flavor, when asked about the side options I was directed to the sweet potato tots, I asked are they house made, no frozen....pass, how about the fries are they house cut? No, sorry frozen....pass, I will take the cucumber salad.
I enjoyed my dinner. But it was very hard to read the menu. The lighting is very bad. Service was ok..... \nI'm not sure if I'd recommend this place to anyone. Especially if they have bad eyes! \n~Mamatpp
Clean, upbeat, French cafe'ee. Liverwurst, even at breakfast! Yay! My Mom is totally fouled out. Heh.\n Different coffee drinks, hot or iced, coffee is tasty and good. \n Fast service, and a good crowd. Eclectic, yeah. Ok, my family is grouching  I spend more time on here than with them. I give my family 5 stars, but that's another story. :)
Do the patio and the bloody Mary bar.
Ah this place is the bomb! \n\nNice small place located in Scarborough, it can be a bit sketchy... the food though! So the steak here is amazing for the price you get! 16oz steak for $13! with a side of fries/ mash and salad dannnnnnng man what a deal!\n\nThe staff is very friendly and quick paced as this place is a 24/7 that's right 24/7! They have a breakfast menu too! Has the same steak options plus eggs, this place is the bomb literally! I usually order the 16oz T-bone and my gf usually gets the NYC steak and hmm always delicious! There are times where the size isn't always the same but hey the price $13 is pretty bomb... or maybe its because i'm chinese and i like cheap food that is filling! \n\nI remember one time this drunk fella came in and nearly started a fight with this 6'2 dude... So some nights can be a bit sketchy... but it is random so obviously not every night will be like that. Plus if any danger does happen, there is a fire station across the building! The parking lot is quite small so you may have to park in the plaza beside.
Hacienda's has been in business for several years and the food has remained consistent. The service on the other hand has seriously declined.  Had dinner here with the parents and our server named Fabio left quite a lot to be desired.  I don't think I have ever singled out a server on here before but this guy was out there, like on another planet!  Every request we made with him was met with an open stare followed by confusion. I don't think he had a poor attitude there was just something really off with him and he was extremely slow.  Literally one of the top 5 worst servers I have ever encountered, every interaction was completely awkward and it wasn't just me, my parents were equally put off.  The three star rating is recovered for the food, I had the steak fajitas and they were pretty good.  My parents had shrimp enchiladas and tacos both of them were also satisfied with the meal.  Unfortunate to let service ruin the hard work in the kitchen, hopefully management will take note.
No!  This restaurant seems to be trying way too hard to be fancy. The food was good but too small of portions and it was trying too hard to be fancy for the sake of being fancy.
I am originally from Miami, and one of the things I miss most is the Cuban food.  I've finally found a restaurant with the authentic flavors I remember so fondly.  This was our first time here, and I know it won't be our last.\n\nWe shared the papa relleno appetizer, which was delicious!  I had the ropa vieja with congri and sweet plantains.  Everything was wonderful!!!  My hubby had the Cuban sandwich.  He really liked the sandwich, but said the bread was too hard and crumbly.\n\nI was also a bit disappointed that they had run out of the ham croquetas...one of my all-time favorites.\n\nOther than that, this place makes me so happy!  I can't wait to head back for some more!!
Went there this morning (Sunday) at 9am expecting to wait for at least 15 minutes to be seated. We didn't wait at all! I ordered the two egg breakfast with potatoes, biscuit, and a cinnamon roll. Everything was incredible. I forgot about ordering bacon and later ordered a side of the jalepeno bacon, because you can't go here and NOT get bacon, and it didn't disappoint. After finishing it I was sad that I didn't order the flight of bacon.\n\n Service was excellent and food was amazing. We will definitely be back.
My wife and I just ate there not 10 minutes ago. We enjoyed our meal, the food was good, and everything was delivered promptly. \nThe problem came when I noticed a bug swimming in my beer. Keep in mind, we had already signed our check and were finishing our meal. I discreetly let an employee know and a "manager" came to talk with us. Instead of showing any concern, she argued that it was just a cluster of bubbles. WHAT DO YOU THINK MADE THE BUBBLES? She then wanted to filter the beer through a napkin to "test" what it was. THE LEGS WERE STILL MOVING! All of this was in front of other customers. \n\nIn short: \n- we paid for our meal\n- the food was good\n- INSPECT YOUR FOOD OR DRINK!
Great food but the server had the most awful breath I've ever smelled. Nobody wants to gag when their server is taking their order.
Amazing food for a great price. There should be a line out the door for this place. If you live in the area and aren't eating here, you have to question why.
Always a great time! You can get everything from traditional sausage and peppers to giant turkey legs and corn on the cob. Do yourself a favor and try the fried raviolis and Italian lollipops. Now it's time for the gym...
First of all I'm originally from New Mexico so I like hot green and flavorful red...This isn't for me, and I so wanted to really like it.  As others have mentioned in numerous reviews, they put a sweet twist on a lot of their items.  The Green Tomatilla Salsa definitely has sugar or agave nectar in it and the red salsa is bolder in flavor but still has a sweet taste to it. I opted for the Pork Burrito Enchilada style with green sauce.  Again I couldn't escape the sweetness factor of the pork.  I can tell that they marinade the pork in Orange Juice for long periods of time to achieve this flavor.  Many regions of Southern Mexico prefer a sweet versus hot flavor in their food. It wasn't horrible by any means, just not what I'm accustomed to.  The Rice was very mediocre, no flavor or Authenticity.  The beans on the other hand were a little different in achieving a smoky flavor.  Most good places simply use bacon drippings to achieve the flavor.  With Rosa's it tastes more like they added liquid smoke.  Again not horrible, just not for me, as I know my preferences and know My top 5-10 places in Maricopa County to go.  Service was friendly and restaurant is clean.  Go here if you like a sweet twist on Mexican Food.  They've been around a long time so obviously they have their Clientele.
I checked this spot out recently with a local friend of mine. Out of all of the gaming cafe type places that I have been to recently, this one by far had the best selection. Most of the left side of the store are all of the games to play. The staff was amazing, my friend and I were playing Dice Masters and the girl brought us over blown up game place mats that were laminated and that attention to detail among others (explaining the games and not talking down to us) of those we chose to play afterward. Loved the place and will be back seeing how its a lot closer to my location.
I came in with an open mind, and Papaya Thai has very fair prices, but I would not come back here again. The Pad Thai was completely soaked in what tastes like Mae Ploy sweet chili sauce (http://is.gd/9UkrI) -- a good sauce but it completely ruined the Pad Thai. The yellow curry was a bit runny and just not impressive. The worst part was the mango smoothie -- super generic and didn't taste much like mangoes. The Thai Iced Tea, however, is great; but that's great most places. The ambiance was poor, too; there were specials chintzily painted on the windows
Good stuff. 10/10 would come again \n\nMeat was tender and filling and they had a good selection of sauces. Good price, good eats, and left pretty satisfied.
I took out idli and onion dosa. It was nice amd warm even after 45 minutes. Tasty and at $10\nWhat more to ask for. I recommend this for south indian food
I went there for lunch. This is a cute little restaurant near st catherine like everyone described. I had no time to research on restaurant because I'm on a business trip this time. We were looking for simple reasonable priced pasta for lunch and just stumbled into here. \nThe menu is simple you pick sauce and type of Pasta ( they will advise you if they think it s not a good combo)  I got a cabonara tagliolini, the pasta is a little bit wider than normal, but it's so fresh, and cooked to perfect! My friend got mixed mushroom sauce with tagliolini , and it's just as delicious. \nWe were too hungry and totally forgot to take picture. But if you go to urbanspoon or tripadvisor, there are a lot of reviews and a few pictures.\n\nConclusion: highly recommended and I'll definitely go back to this restaurant when I go to Montreal the next time.
Both service and food were good! We had the Thai chicken fried rice, smoky and big chunks of chicken. Then a tempera shrimp roll and the surf and turf, so good!! The surf and turf melted in your mouth and the sauce on it was excellent. Maybe a little on the pricy side but definitely worth it!
I have always loved Winking Lizard and this visit was no exception. I came for dinner with a friend. She was craving a burger; and did they deliver. I could swear she melted right out of her chair.  My wings; ordered mild extra crispy with Ranch we cooked and seasoned to perfection.\n\nSomething to note. In many places if you order wings extra crispy you will often end up with a dry wing. Somehow 'The Lizard' keeps the meat tender and juicy on the inside while offering the perfect bite of rendered skin on the outside; WING PERFECTION!.\n\nThe service is always stellar as well and this visit was no different. The place was packed (As usual) and it took more than 15 minutes to get seated (We were the only ones waiting). This might lead you to believe that once you get seated it is all down hill from there but you would be wrong. I have found and I am sure it is no mistake that while you may see a couple open tables and wonder WHY AM I WAITING that once you do get a seat you have a constant stream, your water.. then someone takes a drink order, drinks show then someone takes your meal order and before you know it amazing food right in front of you.\n\nIf you love wings (Or anything else they make) and an atmosphere with good energy; lots of screens for sports fans then you need to visit Winking Lizard.
We went there for lunch e very nice server ...\n Sorry I Forgot her name did a really good job ...\nJust a little pice of advice if the is a concert Goin on.  ... well is a concert with a restaurant next to ...go figure if you want good time in there plz chose concert or restaurant  you CAN NOT HAVE BOTH...!!!!...\nThe server sexy females well you see more in the pools .... second visit on the restaurant yeah five stars....
If you're in the mood for a burrito but want something more authentic (and less crowded) than Chipotle, Maize is a great choice. My favorite meat is the pastor -- it's got a lot of flavor, and it meshes well with the rest of the ingredients in the burrito. The homemade tortilla chips are good too, though not quite salty enough for my tastes. The red salsa that comes in the takeout bag isn't that good, but the other salsa you get if you dine in is better. Speaking of dining in, don't. There are a total of about 15 seats, and they're so tightly packed together that just getting to one is difficult if you aren't 2D. Just get your food to go and save yourself the trouble.
Stopped in on my lunch break and had the veggie burger and sweet potato fries, so good! One of the best veggie burgers I've had. I was with a group of 6 and it wasn't too busy, yet our food took a while to come out. However, I can tell everything was fresh and made to order, so that made up for it.  No pics ... ate too fast, lol!
Excellent steak and Lobster, Fair pricing, excellent service. Staff handled the busy time with ease (Sunday 5pm). We did a Groupon (80 for 40) and it was totally worth it! We will be back. You can reserve seating by a window or outside as well. Love the atmosphere and decor. Manager was friendly as well.
She couldn't get the ribs through the swinging doors and they were good baby backs with an apple spicing and the Mac and cheese with strips of Zuchini full of homemade goodness with a plentifulBBQ half chicken   With the Yelp discount and Riley it turned out just perfect   Comfort food.at it's best.
SO DELICIOUS! I suggest the tuna sandwich on sourdough. It was so fresh and flavorful that sometimes I dream about it. This place is very modern and stylish but with a nice twist on Mediterranean food. I can't wait to try more on the menu, this might become my weekly go-to place!
We went today and LOVED IT. The service was incredibly fast, the drinks are HUGE and the food was delicious. I had the grande burro and my husband had the combo plate #6 with machaca, with green chiles. The machaca was absolutely delicious- spicy, but he was able to eat the whole thing! Green chile is spicier than red so next time I might order it with red. We can't wait to visit again when the heat cools off to sit on the patio
Came here with my friends a couple weeks ago. I ordered the Garden Nachos and the Divine Feminine smoothie. Both were 10/10. Nachos were a very good portion so me and 2 other friend's ate them together. They have a selection of Rose Water by the cashier's counter. They have 2 levels and we chose to sit at the 2nd level because no one was up there. If you're experiencing with becoming a vegan, I definitely recommend this place- been craving it ever since.
Little pricey but the food was excellent!\n\nHad the Lobster Risotto, the Aged NY Strip and the Sticky Toffee Pudding.  Everything was full of flavor and all around delicious.\n\nLine can be long so make a reservation if you can!\n\nShout out to our server Robin for the friendly service :D
Crispy fish tacos and a pitcher of beer on a nice afternoon while sitting on Joyride's patio is complete luxury. Also unbelievably priced during happy hour; best $10 I could spend.
The wine dinner was truly one of the most enjoyable evenings I've ever had. I have recommended the wine dinner to everyone I can think of and them some. It's truly a wonderful way to celebrate any special occasion.\nThis review is just for the wine tasting dinner (the 10-12 course one not the 4 course earlier seating). We did not have a chance to try out the bar since we knew we would have plenty to drink. A note about the general ambiance upstairs. The ceilings are exceptionally tall (it's a converted fire house) so it is definitely noisy upstairs. Be advised that it is loud but in an upbeat exciting way. \nJustin and Justen were great. They kept us very well informed on everything we were eating and drinking that evening and answered any questions we had. They were fantastic. \nThe ambiance in the basement is lovely. At no point did you feel like you were in a dark dank basement. The air was clear and not damp at all and the room was wonderfully lot with candles. It was a fantastic temperature and very comfortable. \nDinner was out of this world. I truly can't say enough about the exciting and innovative dishes we were served. Not to mention that Chef Jamilka knows when to let the beauty of something simple shine through (our first of the season heirloom tomatoes were divine). She was so warm and welcoming and came down several times to explain the food and answer any questions.\nThe menu changes seasonally so what we had that night would be completely different the next. I can't wait to return for another evening come this fall! Worth every penny and for the generous pours, I'd even go so far as to call this evening a bit of a bargain for all the courses and wine!
So I normally like my pizza with several toppings. I like to have everything on it. So obviously I'm not big on just pepperoni or cheese pizza, but I've got to say they have the best tasting ordinary pizza out there. And obviously their name gives away that they have good crust. Pretty yummy. My favorite place to go to for ordinary pizza. :)
Ambiance lounge détendue. Un peu bruyant le jeudi soir étant donné l'achalandage. \nMenu tapas varié. Vin, bières, bulles et cocktails créatifs.\nBelle terrasse à l'avant.
After reading several reviews of Caesars' new Bacchanal Buffet, I was excited to give it a try, but was tremendously disappointed. \n\nFirst, the service. Our wait in the "regular" line at 11:30 this morning was around 30 minutes. Normally, I'd have no problem with that, but when we did pay and were shown to our table, I noticed that only about 1/3 of the tables were full. Other reviewers have pointed this same phenomenon out, so I can only conclude that CP is trying to make their high-rollers feel more "special", or that they'd like people to pony up the extra $15 to jump the line, or that, if all tables were full, the chefs at the food stations would be unable to keep up. \n\nAbout that table: it was either too high, or my chair was too low. I still can't decide which, but either way, it was uncomfortable. My chair also straddled a carpet/ marble divide, with the back legs on marble and the front on carpet  not a big deal at a normal restaurant, but at a buffet, this wasn't ideal. \n\nI would, in fact, like to meet the idiot that designed the room. First, it's a clear rip-off of the design at Aria's buffet. (I did enjoy the light fixtures on the pillars outside the buffet). Second, the layout was confusing and somewhat claustrophobic, with the Asian area tucked into an odd dead-end. The stations where food was being prepared to order forced the lines of people waiting to block other areas. And the sneeze-guards were way too low, making it nearly impossible to reach food towards the rear. \n\nOn to the food: there isn't much special here that can't be found at Aria, Wicked Spoon, or Wynn (my favorite). The carved meats looked rather greasy, and the whole roasted chickens were shriveled and pathetic-looking. The sushi selection was decent, but if you're a shellfish lover, you're better off at the Aria or perhaps the Bellagio. The Mexican station was unstaffed--I'd been looking forward to a fresh-made tortilla, but oh well. The quality overall was good, but not great, and certainly not worthy of the price they're asking. \n\nWe ended up leaving after one plate--it was that bad. I expressed my displeasure to manager type on my way out, but she could barely say "I'm sorry". If you're looking for a great buffet on the strip, and willing to pay these prices, head for the Wynn, Aria, or Wicked Spoon--but avoid the Bacchanal.
Aladdins was always a fave of mine at Ohio State.  Now with my man in Cleveland and a friend working at Taza, we stopped in for a nice outdoor dinner this past holiday weekend.  \n\nI was expecting a menu different from Aladdins but it was pretty similar, in fact containing my favorite meal!  I couldnt have been happier.  The rice is my all time favorite food.  I tried to recreate it at home and failed terribly.  It is amazinggggggg.  I enjoy the shishtawook and the garlic sauce in it is stronger then strong so if you feel like kissing anyone, or even speaking to someone in the following 48 hours, take mints!  \n\nThe pita was warm and fresh and smelled incredible.  Hummus was eh, but my man liked it a lot.  Of coarse the service was impeccable too!  :)
This is the worst place to order pizza. I don't know why I continue to use this store. I ordered online and after an hour and a half I called to ask what's going on and the response was, we're getting your order in the over now. It takes 1 1/2 hours just to get the food ready to put into the oven?!?! This is the norm for this store! It shouldn't take an hour and half to get a pizza! Worst location in Las Vegas.
Best BBQ in AZ!\n\nWorth the drive from Phx to Gilbert just to eat at IMO
We were out shopping and wanted something a little different and had a craving for some soup or noodles. We decided  on a combination. I had b\never heard of this place but saw many 4 star reviews on YELP so we stopped in. As you arrive you are quickly greeted and seated. There were quite a few people in here and their bowls looked amazing. Looks like we made a great decision. Drink orders quickly taken (I LIKE THIS). We then looked over menu and decided on shrimp rolls as an appetizer. Very good choice on this nicely rolled flavorful and crunchy. Josie got the Chicken Noodle Soup minus the Tofu. I ordered the Roasted Duck Noodle Soup. They bring the spice on the side so you can heat it as you please. The duck soup had a salty earthy flavor I added to small spoon fulls of the Thai spice in the bowl they gave me. That added the bit of heat I needed and wanted. Josie enjoyed the Chicken Noodle said it filled her and warmed her on a brisk day in wintery Vegas. \n\nEverything here was on point. Service was excellent food was amazing. We will be back for the other Thai selections on this menu. If you are in area please try it you will not be disappointed.
Ahh how this cafe once saved our lives ! My boyfriend and I were starving one morning and were awake at 5:30am on a Sunday morning, for some awful reason (not much of early risers). We saw this place was open at 6 and drove on over . We loved the omlettes and hashbrowns. It felt like a small town, delicious cafe. Tremendous and who doesn't like some sort of breakfast food, rather it be eggs, pancakes ,biscuits and gravy. The service was very nice and attentive. Clean restaurant. Would absolutely reccomend.
Mhm! This place is definitely a great addition to the Monta family. We decided to check out this restaurant based off a recommendation and were happy we did! \n\nI ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen with medium spicy and a soft-boiled egg. The appetizer menu was fairly limited, but they did offer four different ramen broths, a huge variety of toppings ($$) and the standard pork belly and chasu bowls.\n\nAdvice: If you're a huge meat eater, order additional chasu. If you want an egg, get it. Need extra carbs? Get it! Your ramen bowl, even with the additional toppings, will still cost you less than a Bay Area ramen restaurant ;)\n\nPros:\n- Spice! Mhm. If you're looking to add a kick to your ramen, this place delivers.\n- Ground Pork was super flavorful.\n- Noodles were chewy! \n- Clean restaurant\n\nCons:\n- Service was slow for a non-busy time.\n- Broth was a little too light for me. If I'm getting Tonkotsu, I sort of expect a super creamy and rich soup.\n- Only one chasu slice offered, but maybe that was a good thing. It's delicious, but super fatty!\n\nOverall, this place was decent and I'd come again. I still prefer Monta Chaya or Monta Ramen over this place. For about two people, we paid $25ish with tip and tax.
The best Einstein location in Summerlin. Always in and out with ease and professionalism from the staff. I usually go on Mondays as they have a dozen bagels for $7! I have never ordered a specialty bagel sandwich but I would recommended for any bagel lover who wants a bulk deal.
The menu was very limited. Maybe they call them specialties, but I call them just plain weird. I ordered the shrimp and grits (because there was nothing else on the menu that appealed to me). When my food arrived the shrimp had their heads and tails still on. That's just wrong! It was unsightly to say the least. After the waiter's referral my husband ordered the pork belly. When it came we discovered what pork belly is-FAT. Just pig fat. Yuck! Talk about clogging your arteries! It wasn't even good. I don;t recommend this restaurant to anyone.
I've only been here for lunch a few times, but when you have the carne asada burrito...  You dream about it for days after...   \n\nWish they had better drink options with my lunch than a can of coke.  It's still worth trying.
Awesome and plentiful beer choices, Spam sliders, homemade pop tarts, Tue TV dinner night, and super friendly bartenders. I'm not sure how it could be better.
Just not my thing I guess, too bad because I heard authentic Brazilian is killer.
Probably the worst experience I have ever had at at a restaurant and I didn't even get to eat. We walk in, obviously they are busy people are sitting in the front and waiting. The hostess were not friendly. They don't greet you. I was stared at with a look of disdain and annoyance when our table was finally ready twenty minutes later, I didn't mind, we knew we had to wait she just walked us back and left... Didn't ask us if we needed a high chair for any of my kids or anything. Just left. We sat there another fifteen minutes and not a single person stopped by. We stared at many workers yet no one heeded our dear in the headlights look. Finally, one of the hostess, k*****, was behind us clearing a table. I simply said "excuse me, it had been over fifteen minutes and no one has come by our table" Another look of annoyance and then a very rude Response with a snippy attitude. I asked for her manager who just so happened to be right behind her. I told her of my experiences thus far and then decided to leave. Upon leaving k***** was upfront whispering with her blonde minion. I asked for her name and she held up her name tag and said "yeah! It's K*****!" In a very hostile manner. I let the manager know, but obviously this girl has somewhat of a free range because she has no issues being a complete c word to customers. I will never go to an apple bees again. Ever. And K***** you are a super CLASSY broad. That attitude will get you super far in life
Visited the Suncoast Du Pars today.  BIG MISTAKE!! Waited 30 minutes and paid $55 for 3 people and the food was nothing to brag about.  $15 for a Cobb salad?  Close to $15 for an omlette?  $3.00 for watered down ice tea?  Sorry, we won't be back.  Wish the coffee shop with the Chinese menu was still there.
Highly highly overrated.  Quality of food was below mediocre. Everything was sweet tasting and over priced. Service was slow and the drinks were horrible. The best part about it was the steel drum player.
Came here for the all you can eat dinner.\n\nService was good and the first two rolls were delicious.  But by the third one, it started tasting funny.\n\nBy the end it was as if I was eating gobs of flour! Disgusting!\n\nWill not come back.
Worst burger I have ever eaten. Absolutely foul. Long wait to order and then a ten minute wait for the burger to be made. I do not get the hype at all. I had the chicken burger. Perhaps I should have stuck with the hamburger.
I love the coffee here.  While it sometimes can be a little expensive, the service is always great and I love the overall environment of the place.  Makes a pretty decent place to study and get work done too
Great pizza and fun patio environment, would definitely come back here. The interior is cozy and spacious as well. The patio has a great view and you might be lucky enough to catch some live music close by
Really wished this place was around when I worked in the Bloor & Shaw area. The last time I walked by this location it was a questionable Chinese restaurant. I couldn't help but notice there's something much better going on when I strolled by the other day.\n\nI could sense it was a coffee shop when I walked in based on the amount of people clicking away on their laptops. I figured I would rest my feet at the bar and have my fourth cup of coffee that day. I looked around to see if there was a menu and grabbed their clipboard -- it listed all the fancy coffees they make, but thankfully they had three edible options at the bottom. I opted for the ham & swiss sandwich.\n\nAmericano was good. Girl working there was friendly, and the decor was quite nice. It's not a unique experience with lots of wood & black paint (similar to Beaconsfield or Churchill) but I appreciated the effort in making the place comfortable. Quite a bit of time passed since I finished my drink and I was wondering if my sandwich was coming or not. I was actually about to pack up and forget about it, but then a dude finally came with what turned out to be a rather delicious hot snack. Maybe not worth the six-plus dollars it cost (though it came with grapefruit which I skipped) but I was still satisfied.\n\nWould really like to see some more snacks. Even maybe just some baked goods like muffins or cookies. I realise it's also probably a rocking bar at night, but if it's going to do the coffee shop vibe in the morning/afternoon I would like to have a little more variety. I would have killed for some soup.
We tried Popo's for the first time for dinner last night, and it was delicious! I ordered takeout, and it was ready for pickup in 15 minutes. The portions are huge, and the food was amazing. My husband pretty much ate himself into a food coma! We both ordered the #3 combo - green chicken enchilada, chicken taco, and rice & beans. We also ordered chips and salsa, and the chips were warm and fresh. We will definitely be visiting again soon!
So I know it's cliche`, when talking about a certain ethnic dining establishments, to refer to the food as " it's good, but not as good as indian food in India! " Although lame to say all the time, in some cases it is true. I have been to India and the food was probably the best thing about the trip, seriously. Luckily India Palace does a pretty good job - for being in Phoenix, AZ anyway.\n\nThis is on my lunch rotation as it's close to the office. A few of us hit the buffet every once in awhile and I must say it's always very consistent quality wise. while changing up the menu items every time we dine. \n\nThe buffet is small as others have mentioned but I think this has an appeal. I feel it helps keeps the quality, flavors, etc consistent and everything fresher. They always have more then a few vegetarian and vegan items to fill up on and service is always prompt and friendly.\n\nThis place is easy to miss tucked back into a hard hit(read lots of open, leaseable space) strip mall in NW Phoenix but worth stopping in for some almost-authentic indian grub.
Not bad for airport food. We ate the croque monsier and it was just ok, a little on the bland side. We ate the fruit tart which was very good. Customer service was awesome, the gentleman brought out our food with a sincere smile. And fast service.
Price's beats this by a mile.\n\nI wanted to love this place - I wanted to not have to huddle in my car after carrying Price's magical white box down the street like I stole it. I wanted to sit down and eat, dammit! \n\nBut it won't be here.\n\nThe place is a dive that offers a TON of stuff. We ordered the 2 white piece chicken meals with 2 sides and my son got the 10pc wingettes. We chose Mac n cheese, mashed with gravy, fried okra, sweet potato casserole and hush puppies. The Mac was very,good, okra the same. Sweet potatoes were in chunk form - nice treat - and had a syrup instead of the usual streusel. The hush puppies were classic too-heavy-for-their-size balls of wonderfulness but nothing new.\nThe mashed potatoes were ice cold.\nThink about that.\nWhy weren't they fresh? Why wouldn't they be screaming hot considering they were drowned in a very peppery gravy (a tad too peppery and I love the stuff).\nThe chicken was salty, crunchy and overcooked. The wings were little things, fried like the bigger things, no sauce. Peppery. My kid likes spicy so I'm hoping they didn't dumb it down for him, which happens a lot.\nAll of these things can be laid at the feet of a bad cook just wanting to watch the game on a Sunday afternoon (4-ish). Maybe it's banging any other day, any other time except for THIS day when it was dry and salty and meh.\nI don't want that. I want chicken still sizzling with grease popping off crunchy skin that makes your eyes roll. I want a fresh biscuit or roll, cole slaw, tots - all packaged already. I'll even huddle in the car awkwardly trying to nom nom without making a complete mess.\nI want Price's.
Dear Mr. Johnston,\n\nThe trifecta that is Liberty Market, Joe's Real BBQ and Joe's Farm Grill are bad for my diet.  I'm not saying it's your fault but if the food at your fine establishments were not so darm fresh and tasty, I would be thinner.  I crave your food.  And when I went to Joe's Farm Grill for the first time it was so good, I went back the very next day!!  Obviously you love what you do and we reap the benefits so thank you!  But my waistline does not thank you.  \n\nSincerely, \nLynn W.
I have lived in Arizona near  Cave Creek my entire life. I have never been here before. The owner Bart is real friendly and is fun to talk to them. The food was amazing. I enjoyed their Navajo taco was made fresh and was very filling. The Navajo fried bread was good. If you want an authentic Arizona food this is the place!!!
Excellent food and service!  Victor was an outstanding waiter and really listened to our requests.  We had the Veracruz with sour cream sauce as we can't eat very spicy food.  We also\nloved the Mexican apple pie with cinnamon ice cream and brandy butter sauce poured over it.\nHighly recommend!
West side market has the whole world within it. \n\nThis place is small and is always busy when I walk by or am in line. It's a bit of a wait since they can only make so many at once, but they do work as quick as they can. Service is decent, they are pretty short wit customers since it's unlikely they'll see them again and they are busy with getting orders/making orders. Fresh material is used, you can watch as they make it in front of you. \n\nPersonally I believe that the price set in place is decent, it's a big piece of crepe that they're making from scratch. They have to make profit somehow. \n\nAnyway, this is most definitely my sweet little treat that I indulge in every once in awhile.
Been here 3 times for their coffee. Their drip coffee is fine when hot, but turns into this terrible, smelly sour drink when it cools down even the slightest. \n\nOn the other hand, their flat white is great and the ambiance is incredible. But a great space can't remedy a coffee joint with coffee that spoils before you're done the cup.
Just left.   Ordered a 3 Sauce Chicken Burrito WITHOUT ONIONS AND PEPPERS.   Had 1.5 glasses of Coke and Chips.   20 minutes later I get my lunch prepared incorrectly.   I can't eat onions and peppers.   Paid $2.91 for the coke.   No free Soda when you lose 20 minutes and you can't wait an additional 20 minutes for the correct Burrito,  when they prepare your lunch incorrectly.   No manage apology.   Not real busy.  There might be a problem.   No reason to go back.
Hula's is set to replicate that of a mod 1960's, tropical bar with old surfer movies playing on the ceiling. The atmosphere gets five stars and the staff was friendly and service excellent but the food is overpriced and the food was satisfactory. I'm a huge ahi tuna fan; however, the Island Style Poke I wasn't completely impressed with. For vegetarians the Spicy Tofu Tacos were quite tasty but I would venture out to say that if you want a fun atmosphere with tropical style drinks, then this would be the spot. I was disappointed in the wine list but Hula's has a great selection of tropical drinks served in fun glasses. A fun spot for cocktails and their happy hour goes from 4-6 with $5.00 appetizers and signature tropical drinks. I won't say I'll never go in for drinks but the food I could live without.
I expected some Italian food.\n\nSteak size is huge (even I ordered one of smallest fillet): American size! ( when I had steak in Italy, the size of steak was much smaller and much tasty!!) Over all, taste is fine but .. it is not something amazing special. \nBut I liked waiter ( very kind ) and nice interior!
Gordo ' s is one of my new favorites. They are always friendly and the food is good. I ordered the nachos, 5 carne asada tacos and a carne asada burrito.  It was ready within minutes. They have a new salsa bar that looks good.
This place is disgusting. I ordered a chicken quesadilla. The chicken looked like slop. More like pull pork but more wet you could squeeze a cup of liquid out of the meat alone. It had no flavor, very bland and wet. The food looked like it has been sitting there all the day. The vegetables has gone bad and the sauce was spoilt. What a waste of money. I should have gone back for a full refund.
Just ate here with my girlfriend for a fun date, and wow such a cool little place. Awesome atmosphere, friendly employees, and great food. \n\nFirst came out  different types of bread with chile-lime butter, so good and unique. \n\nShe got the chicken flautas, which I had never had before, and it was good. I got the grilled chicken, garlic....served on Bowie pasta, which we both thought was amazing. Last we got the carrot cake. It was amazing and super rich. \n\nWe left completely satisfied, the food was roughly 15$ a plate, the total for 2 people. (1 entree, 2 appetizers, desert, and two sodas) was $51. Great place definitely going again.
The Bay Street location needs to get their $h!t together. The guy entering my large lunch order gave off a "Cali vibe" in that he seemed super high..."on life". So much so, that the order was wrong - he forgot someone's order (which I was still charged for), didn't substitute other items. Basically I was in a lunch meeting with a hungry person and several other annoyed who asked where TF I ordered from?!\n\nThe Bay street location doesn't even have a telephone, I called King to see if the other location took AMEX, which garnered a head scratch. The order online option didn't work on the website. I called King location again once I got back and realized the item I was charged for was missing and was told they would call me back. Haven't heard back. Won't be going back. \n\nThe whole "bowl" trend is a rip off. Filler ingredients like rice and onions with a smattering of avocado and tuna and I'm paying $16? Pass on all fronts with this place.
I went here with a party of 6 on Saturday night.  Our table was ready and waiting when we got there which was nice.  It is an older place with tons of charm.  The place was pretty busy and you could tell that the waiters/servers/busers were clearly over worked.\n\nAfter sitting for about 10 minutes we had to flag someone down to get bread and place our appetizer order.  After that we only saw our waiter every 20 minutes or so so it was difficult to order additional items or to get soda refills.\n\nThe service was pretty blah but the food was excellent.  Everything I tried was top notch.  Everything was freshly made and delicious  Probably some of the best Italian cuisine around.  Definitely some of the best gnocchi I've ever had.\n\nI would definitely return but hope the service is better.
I made reservations for my best friend and I as we were having a belated birthday celebration for her. \n\nReservations: Booking was easy and was done through text. The person who takes care of reservations via text was great and answered all my questions and I found him/her to be quite accommodating. Because of their great service by text alone, I was looking forward to dining here and confident that I had picked the perfect place. \n\nWe arrived for our reservation right on time at 5:30PM and was greeted by a friendly server and we were seated right away.\n\nFood: The food was amazing. Our server recommended starting off with 4 plates to share and so we ordered the chopped salad, truffle gnudi, the burger, pork loin and some cocktails within 15 minutes of being seated. Our cocktails were amazing and we were given a small treat to start, though tbh, I can't recall what it was called. They were 2 small round things w some sort of sauce and only okay. The texture was very similar to uncooked dough. Our first plate was the giant bowl of chopped salad (we came pretty close to licking the bowl clean but didn't) and then the gnudi and both were delicious However, this is where I had to knock off 2 stars: we didn't get our 3rd plate until almost 7pm. At 6:45pm I had to wave down our waiter and ask that the 3rd and 4th plate be served together as we were going to a Rugby game and it started at 7pm. My girlfriend and I were looking forward to eating dessert since the first 2 plates were so good, but we didn't have any time so we took off after quickly finishing out last plates feeling a little disappointed.\n\nTLDR; Reservations were booked easily through text, food was greater, servers friendly and accommodating but service was very, very slow. Would I recommend to friends? I would tell them food was awesome but maybe go on a Tuesday instead of a Saturday and hopefully their food won't take as long.
I've frequented the Lazy Dog Summerlin location not necessarily for myself but to spoil my dog and who doesn't love their dog? \n\nATMOSPHERE:\nI've only sat outside, as this is where your to be seated with your dog. I actually really like the outdoor area, there's a nice fire pit in the middle and TVs mounted as well. Plenty of tables, the wait is never too bad. Nice place to have brunch with your family. \n\nFOOD:\nOne word. Mediocre. \nI've tasted too many things here and while I can appreciate that lazy dog is trying offer a menu full of variety and it lacks flavor. Tried the nachos, plain, bland, and not enough toppings.  Tried the oven baked pancake, someone should tell whoever came up with this idea a pancake shouldn't be baked, it sticks to the pan they bring it in and is flat. The one decent dish here I would suggest would be the fish and chips, nothing special but the fish is always cooked just right. Also definitely try non-alcoholic drink creations here I really appreciate that part of their menu. Love the pineapple coconut water drink, perfect for the Vegas heat.\n\nCUSTOMER SERVICE: \nHit and miss, I've had awesome waitors and oblivious ones. It does getbusy here on weekends and they seem overwhelmed at times. I don't like to bash people because we never know what's going on behind the scenes. I love that it's pet friendly, my dog has never gotten sick from the food and that's why I return. \n\nOverall, if your looking for a casual day out with your pet and family I'd recommend this spot. If your not with your pet and looking for a nice dish, there's better options in Downtown Summerlin.
I have been eating at this place since it opened, when they couldn't get people through the door & it was consistently empty. Back in those days, when they actually appreciated their business the street tacos were like, $6.50 for 3, and came with a small side of rice & beans. THAT was an excellent value! Now that they are consistently busy they have doubled the price of the street tacos & they also now charge for the small side of rice & beans that used to come free when you ordered the street tacos. So, this place went from being good, unique Mexican food at a great value, to being decent, overpriced Mexican food. Because of this I will cut my visits to this restaurant in half. I feel like it's a real slap in the face to their regular, longtime customers who have been there since day one & helped them advertise with check in's, good reviews, etc. back in their early days when they were struggling to get people through the door. I don't like to patronize establishments that are lacking in integrity & customer appreciation.
Too bad the construction along Main Street in Mesa can inhibit people from coming in!\n\nI had their, I believe it was called, green chili chicken sandwhich. It was so good. Chicken, green chili, pepperjack (?) on ciabatta. I'd definitely reccomend that. \n\nAlso, I had the butterscotch cookie. The cashier warned me it was very sweet, and it really was. I could only take a few bites before I put the rest away for later. Maybe that's a good thing! That cookie was huge! \n\nIt's a nice little mom and pop place. It was busy when I went. The people who worked there were very nice and friendly. \n\nIt's just a shame that it's hard to get to because of the construction. If I hadn't been with a colleague who'd been there before who said it was really good, I would have driven past it because parking was far from the place. \n\nBut good find! It was on one of those TLC shows too. \n\nCheck it out!
Nice atmosphere, good service, tasty food.  Really appreciated the help of the reservations department in getting my business dinner put together.
This is absolutely my go to spot for Bahn no sandwiches. The Bbq pork and bbq chicken are so tasty and the bread gives you the perfect crunch on the outside but moist on the inside. They are not stingy with beefing up the sandwich too and with the price it just cannot be beat! Love that this place is literally 5 mins drive from me too! Also try their spring rolls... Also good but sometimes they serve it cold but nothing a little toaster oven or microwave can't fix! I also tried a few of their pre made dishes and those were ok for me. The fresh spring rolls are great but definitely come here for their sandwiches.... you won't be dissapointed!
Kamayan feast at Tinuno! It's Filipino food that you can eat with your hands. It's generally grilled pork and seafood over garlic rice, laid out on banana leaves. You also get grilled vegetables (eggplant and okra), plus mango salad and orange slices to start. They do have gloves for those who don't want to get all greasy. \n\nIt's only $15 per person! Really can't beat that price for such a large amount of food. \nThere's both patio and indoor sitting. It's better to make a reservation if you're going around peak dinner time.
Fukin amazing pizza. The crust is crispy and danke. Only bad thing was they ran out of 2 liters and gave me 4 cans instead. Wtf?!
Mango's may be one of my new favorite spots. I am quite particular about places that wave the banner of "Caribbean" or any other ethnic cuisine. While Mango's is not quite a place that I would give 5 stars (yet), it certainly has some elements that I quite enjoy. \n\nAtmosphere/Service\nLocated in NoDa, Mangos provides a great vibe if you enjoy Caribbean food and good cocktails. They have a great street side location and patio. I wish the patio was in the front of the building, but structural I assume it is not possible. The general dining space provides adequate seating, beautiful murals and a small bar.\n\nThe service is quick and friendly. Joe, the bartender is great. Be forewarned, he makes a mean mango Mojito, which pairs very well with the roti. \n\nFood\nThe ceviche was quite good. It was the perfect pair of fresh, citrus and heat. Garnished with pickled mango, it's one of my faves. The curry chicken roti (buss-up-shut) was so good that the other person with decided to change their order. The buss up is made in house, per the chef who also blessed me with tamarind sauce. \n\nThe drinks are excellent. My fave is the mango Mojito! \n\nSo far, Mango's has moved into my "Faves" bookmark collection...which doesn't come easy.
I've eaten here for 4 years now. The bad reviews are based on personal experience with staff. I go here to eat and if you want great service all the time go to a fine dining establishment and pay for it!!!\n\nBut he food here is great! ... i always have the Chili Chicken Dry, it's crispier than the wet version. The soups are great as is most all the dishes. I have never had a bad experience with the quality of the dishes.\n\nI've moved away from the area and can't find any Hakka restaurant that beats it. So i return here for my Hakka experience. \n\nbelieve me I've eaten here more than 50 times and i always have a great food experience. \n\nFor me it's worth the drive.
Food, amazingly authentic Thai. The staff is very friendly and wonderful service. Reasonably priced for the quality received.
Fun, eclectic place to stop by for lunch or after work.  You can call ahead & pick-up as well if you've only got time to grab & go.\n\nI'm quite partial to the Honey Mustard Chicken Wrap...except I substitute Ranch for the Honey Mustard ;) & thankfully no one gives me grief.  Also good are the burgers & Salmon Caesar Salad.  This was the first place I tried Sweet Potato Fries and they've spoiled me for anyone else.\n\nDefinitely a local joint - lots of BofA associates & Gateway residents.
Let's be honest on this one. Skip-it! I've eaten food on the side of an abandon road in the middle of Indonesia, with the risk of HEP-A, and HEP-C, that tasted better. And they had this Belly Dancer in her 70s, who, again let me be honest, shouldn't be dancing but tending to the local bingo soiree. Never again, avert your eyes as the power of Christ compels you, the power of Christ compels you.
Like a warm comforter Durant's has com through again. We had the prime Rib which was expertly prepared with the perfect side. The Meat melted in our mouths, and the Au juice was almost not needed.  The Garlic Mashed potatoes were heavenly fluffy and the service was impeccable.  There are many great Steakhouses in this country and I believe that Durant's is one of them, for 60 years of excellence, always perfectly done!
After trying several BBQ places in the Cave Creek area, this is our new go-to spot! Nice atmosphere indoors and outdoors. We really enjoyed sitting outside on nice evening. I got the pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw (yummy!) and my boyfriend got the two meat combo 1/2lb of beef brisket and pulled pork with baked potato salad and the brisket chili. Both meats were delicious and I loved the potato salad the best and he loved the chili. The service was fast too. \nYou won't be disappointed!
Great guacamole, margaritas, and fajitas were delicious.   Bday parties get tequila shots!!!
Really liked this place.  The parking situation is a pain but the atmosphere, food, and pricing were great.  The live music was a bonus.  The appetizers were excellent.  The drink prices were reasonable.  Very friendly and helpful staff.
Amazing food, atmosphere and service. Would definitely go back anytime! I suggest making a reservation ahead of time!
Wife took me here for my birthday during the Sunday brunch. Excellent is one word to describe it. I would recommend to anyone. The service was also top notch. Our servers name was AJ and he did a knock out job.
I'm impressed! We went around 11pm at night and the atmosphere was great. There was a live band playing! And our waiter was super nice. We ordered a few pizzas but the best one is... one that I cannot pronounce. lol. I just know it has prosciutto in it and other meats. I also added anchovies in there as well. Delicious!\n\nThe board we ordered was nice too. Got to stir up our appetite with the wine. Overall, the outdoor patio experience was pretty. It was chill and relaxed. I want to come back and try the other food as well. Or stick to the ones we had because our pizzas and appetizers were really good.
Ventured to this place for one reason: near-to-home karaoke. The reviews were mixed - some proclaiming excellence and others less than stellar but none of them regarding the karaoke. I wanted to see for myself.\n\nOne, the parking is dismal. But, if needed, the post office is only half a block away with a nice big lot and available for parking (which is where I parked the Saturday I went).\n\nTwo, the place is a dive bar - nothing more, nothing less. When I arrived, there were several people at the bar and several groups at the tables. Karaoke was in full swing and there were singers up. When sitting at the bar, I was immediately served by a male bartender with an easy smile.\n\nThree, beer. The selection is fairly standard, the commonplace brews you can find in most bars - Bud, lites, Mich, etc. I was happy to find Woodchuck served, and not just served but on tap. (This is the only place - bar or liquor store - I've found since moving from the Midwest that offers my favorite hard cidar. I'm sure there are more, just haven't found them yet.) The price was a little steeper for that Woodchuck though than I'm accustomed. But that could be since the company that makes it is a small brewery in the Midwest and do not commonly distribute this far west.\n\nFour, Karaoke DJ. A nice wooden dance floor was where the DJ made house for karaoke. Decent set up (one more like I'm used to with a lap top instead of cartridges like a few places I've seen since moving here), and a decent selection. I think he had books available, but he said it is often easier to simply write the song you want down and, if he has problems, he'd let you know. I was happy to see he had several bands/artists that are a little less known karaoke-wise that I enjoy to sing.\n\nThe DJ did sing, unlike some places where they refuse. But it wasn't an issue as the rotation wasn't overly long, and he was good about weaving new people into the existing line up. There were singers (like all places) with good voices and others without. It's not an overly young crowd. I'd say late twenties and up.\n\nThe only annoyance was the sound system was wonky. There was really only one or two good places to stand with the microphone to keep feedback out of the speakers. For someone like me who likes to sit in their seat, instead of standing on the dance floor, that was a drawback.\n\nI did not eat while at the establishment. But there were a lot of people who did. I checked out the prices which seemed VERY inexpensive and also checked out the portions others had which were VERY large. But I can't attest to the quality. Despite negative reviews (and possibly at my own peril) I will try the food in the future however. \n\nI was happy with my experience. The people were polite and friendly, the service was good and not intrusive, and the karaoke was fun and had a receptive crowd. While not going to be a regular haunt, I'll certainly come back in the future.
Reviewed Dish: Fish + Fries, Seafood Chowder\nRecommended Dish: Fish only\n\nReviewed during: Mon - Fri Lunch time\nService Speed: 5 / 5\nCooking speed: 2 / 5\nFood Quality: 2 / 5\nFood Quantity: 3.5 / 5\nPrice: 3 / 5 ($10 for 1 piece of fish + fries)\nCleanness: 5 / 5 \nRepeat: For the fish only.\n\nThe cashier took my order quickly, even though there are 4+ people working the kitchen, it still took a long time to cook the food.\nThe fish is quite fresh and flaky, but the portion size is very small. Unfortunately the batter/crust is mushy and not crunchy at all. Probably because the batter disintegrated upon touch, the fish had very little flavor.\n\nI got the fries fresh from the fryer, it was ok. But I would not get the fries on it's own.\nThe container is not very big, I would not recommend to the $2.50 upgrade to onion rings/other options.\n\nThere is a lot of  seafood in the seafood chowder, but other than that, it's not that tasty. It lacks either more cream or seasoning.
I came here wanting to eat some oxtail soup as there are a bunch of pictures of it on Yelp, however it is only a Friday special, or appeared only on the Friday specials. Waits can definitely be long here, but you can find all kinds of comfort food here. They even have an assortment of Filipino entrees you can have here. \n\nI went with the regular steak and eggs, which comes with toast of choice and either hash browns or white rice. Steak is cooked ok here, I ordered medium rare, it was more medium than anything, but good enough for me. I also had their soup of the day, which was some chicken corn cream soup, tasted exactly like it sounded, nothing special. \n\nTheir menu as a whole is pretty large, a lot of breakfast stuff, chef's specials, daily specials, and all the prices are reasonable. Definitely a great choice if you are hungover and want options for food.
Quite good restaurant for a number of reasons. Nice atmosphere and lighting, and very well made food. Their steaks are reasonably priced and cooked just as you ask, their coffee is good quality. They have a friendly serving staff who are quick as well.\n\nTheir Friday fish fry is amazing. Try it.
The concept is exactly like Chipotle, the ingredients are also about the same quality, but... Chipotle is better. The portions are really small for the price. I got a plate (because the theory is that you get more with a plate), but I was still hungry after eating it. My friend who got the large burrito had much larger portions. Disappointed and probably not choosing this place again.
I wanted to leap out of my seat and vigorously applaud upon finishing my culinary adventure here, however I could not move. Everything and I mean everything was top notch 5 star gourmet cuisine. My wife and I kept looking up at each other with giant eyes, elated upon trying each dish. Everything was seasoned perfectly and vibrantly fresh! The desserts were intoxicating. I can't remember the last time I was so happy. I have been cooking since age 12 and recognize the skill and quality of these chefs. I want to hug each one of them and thank them. The dinning area is spacious and beautiful. I never felt crowded while going up to the buffet. This is such a lovely place. This visit was the high light of our trip and we can't wait to come back. Just a tip: skip lunch and get in line at 4:30 or 5:00 for the best experience. \nThank you Caesars palace for building this temple of culinary joy.
I love this place!! Have been going here for the past few years and love their staff and menu.  Yes it's very small and cramped but the food is so good that like many of the regulars who come here a few times a week I will be waiting even in 110 degree weather because the food is that good!! It's also really comforting to go someplace where the staff knows you and appreciates that you come back time and time again when there are so many other places to eat in LV. The food is made to order and I have never been disappointed!!
We got a gift certificate for this place, so one evening of drinking leads to us stopping in here.\n\nWe each ordered a burger, since we were intoxicated of course. No more drinks though their drink list was pretty cool. Pretty sure I posted a photo. \n\nThe burgers were cooked how we requested and pretty tasty, at least drunk me thought so. The fries were delicious...nice and crispy. Service was pretty good. Seems like the server may have bitten off a bit more than he could chew at times...but he still stopped by here and there to check in. We had to ask for the bread that (we found out) they were just supposed to offer. Still got the bread... but still... it took way longer than we would have liked and I had already finished the side salad I ordered (basic salad). \n\nNot sure that we will return without another certificate, honestly. Or we may, who knows. I am pretty curious about their chicken parm dish. The types of food on their menu varied, but that was the only other dish that interested me there.
Amazing! We were in the mood for Mexican food and found this wonderful restaurant. The hostess was friendly and seated us promptly. Staff and waitress were on point. The decor is inviting and warm. Loved the artwork on the walls. Food was wonderful.  Chips and salsa came with a trio of choices. The carne asada tacos were delicious with two types of rice and beans. Food was delivered in a timely manner not a long wait at all. Definitely would recommend this restaurant to all my friends. If u are ever in Caesar's Palace doing some shopping and need a place to dine afterwards come to Border Grill.
I barely remember what I ate, but the atmosphere and the service was awesome!  It was a while back and I don't even know if htey still do this but they have salsa and dance lessons going on WHILE you eat, with the diners.  It was truly awesome and so much fun. \n\nOf course, it's on a volunteer basis, it's not like your soup gets dropped off at your table and you are forced to salsa dance with you server while the soup gets cold.\n\nI should head back and see what it is like these days.  I am surprised there are not more reviews.  It's by AZ 88.\n\nPEPIN is fun and the food was decent and the service was great!
We were celebrating my Daughter being selected as the Teacher of the year for Charlotte Mecklenburg school district so there were 15 people in our group.  After the awards ceremony we headed to Portofino's without a reservation.  It was crowded but we were seated promptly on the front porch. The wait staff worked with us to seat our party of 15! They quickly pushed tables together and directed us how to sit so that everyone was together.  It was tight but we were delighted to all sit together.  \n\nOur dinner orders were taken quickly by a very patient and professional server who got every order right the first time!  He quickly rolled off the list of specials and seeing the size of our group offered us the lunch menu which contained more sandwiches.  All of the food ordered arrived together and the presentation was appetizing.  I wanted to try everybody's food but just asked for a thumbs up from our group.  All 15 gave their food two thumbs up.  My daughter had the Cheese Steak from the lunch menu.  You can customize your steak sandwich about 7 different ways and there are a number of subs, cold sandwiches, baked dishes, fish etc.  I can't wait to come back for lunch.\n\nI had the Grilled Salmon Salad for $11.95.  It comes with mixed greens topped with grilled salmon and marinated vegetables.  The salmon was cooked perfectly, moist but seared.  You can't go wrong with a basic salmon salad at this point if your salad greens are fresh and your dressing is delicious. Score for Portofino's on both!  My husband had the same salad with Grilled Chicken.  He says the  chicken was very moist and well seasoned. \n\nTo top it off at the end of the meal the servers brought my daughter a Tiramisu with a candle to celebrate her accomplishments.  It was a delightful experience and I will definitely be back to visit one of the three locations in Charlotte.
Fantastic. Located in Peoria where The Barrel Grill was. Awesome atmosphere. We sat at the bar for lunch. Josh and Ana were amazing. They were friendly in a truly authentic way. We had the guacamole trio, 4 different tacos and the corn. Everything we ate was delicious. Thank you for bringing a new family owned restaurant to the "Westside". Can't wait to go back.
Let me start off by saying that I love this place. The layout is pretty narrow and there's seating for maybe 30 people within the bar. Both the back and front have small patios which is perfect for summer beer drinkin! The drinks are super cheap, and they offer $2 fireball and 49c wings everyday. I've eaten the wings (buffalo garlic parm) and the cheeseburger with fries ($6.50). I was surprised with the quality of food, it was a lot better than I expected! Beer was served super cold and our bartender Melanie was fantastic. This place is very unassuming which I really like about it. It seems like most of the people there are regulars but didn't make me feel unwelcome when I arrived. I believe there's free bar bowling on Sunday and free jukebox on Monday (those days might be switched around, sorry!). Overall I would definitely recommend this place!
The staff reported they couldnt reduce stereo volume of music playing.  Music too loud. If you like your women pierced and inked up, this is your place.
HORRIBLE!!!!  Check in process is so slow!!!  I've been waiting for an hour already and not even 1/3 of the way thru the line. The staff has no sense of urgency whatsoever.
I loves me a good seafood boil. Mainly a crab and shrimp boil. I've never eaten a boil at a restaurant but want reserved because this particular place is well known by many. In our boil, king crab legs, whole Dungeness, prawns, potatoes and corn with the sauce that has a mixture of all the sauces. Ooohh yes! Perfect. My one and only issue...not complaint, was I wish they would've took the helmet of of the Dungeness crab. I.could've enjoyed it more
This has definitely been on my Vegas Eats bucketlist for quite some time. The reviews have always been great, but it's a long ways from my Henderson digs, so I hadn't had a chance to test out some Road Kill Grill. Good grief was it worth the wait. \n\nRather than enjoy the best BBQ in Vegas alone I decided to bring an entourage. It was just before the Christmas holiday so I grabbed all of my closest co-workers to enjoy a fun holiday lunch with one another. I'm pretty sure between the entire group of 6 we ordered the entire menu. Personally, I went with a 3 meat combo that included ribs, chicken, and pulled pork. For my sides I went with a double load of mac n' cheese. That was an excellent choice as their M&C was off the hook. The ribs had fantastic flavor. I do like them to fall off the bone a little more, but they weren't tough at all. The pulled pork was the best I've ever had and they give you a mountain sized portion. The chicken was my least favorite as it had a little bit of a gassy flavor. I think it might have been a bit of smoke overload, though it was incredibly tender. Next time I would probably drop the chicken and go with the brisket or a hot link since those looked so good. The icing on the cake was the corn bread you got with it. Sweet and the perfect complement to a great meal. The 3 meat combo was literally enough food to feed 3 people, so be advised that you will likely have leftovers if you go this route.\n\nThe seating area is very informal. Picnic style which is great for a large group. Only warning I would give is that it's all outdoor seating, so weather could be a factor. They do have heaters that keep it relatively warm on a cold day. \n\nI'm definitely looking forward to my next visit to John Mull's Meats & Road Kill Grill. Next time I'm definitely planning on visiting the butcher shop to load up my freezer. Great stuff!
Organized staff, Warm service, and delicious food. New to Mediterranean food, however, the chicken kabob platter was worth the price. Very clean and quiet place with some low music in the background.
Had a great dinner here for my 50th birthday in Vegas. Food was good but the table chef was awesome. This is a place we will return to.
Not all that, kinda disappointed. 95% of there rolls are filled with crab meat. There Eel sauce has a different taste. I've tried several sushi places here in Vegas unfortunately the best sushi by far is Yama Sushi
My boyfriend and I wanted a good vegan burger and fries and we saw some reviews that were pretty convincing so we tried Go Vegan Cafe. It's was delicious! I absolutely love that most of the menu is gluten-free.\nI had the waffle cheese fries which were super crunchy and came with pico de gallo and guacamole on the side what more could I ask for? "Is butter a carb? Whatever I'm getting cheese fries."\nMy boyfriend ordered the classic burger and the gluten free bun was amazing. I loved that the burger patty was visibly made of black beans but had a very subtle and inviting flavor unlike other over-seasoned ones I've had. \nBefore we left we grabbed some gluten-free chocolate chip cookies, which were pretty pricey $6.48 for 4 small cookies, but delicious nonetheless. I'll definitely try it again.
I had such high hopes, and expectations.  Turned out to be a horrible experience.  The food tasted as if it came straight out of a can.  The service was even worse.  The staff was slow, and brought me a check for nearly $30 more than it should have been.  After 10 minutes of arguing with the waitress, I FINALLY got her to understand that we hadn't ordered items that were on the bill.  I will not be back, and suggest you save your time and money and avoid the place altogether.
Great food but the service is hit and miss sometimes.  Warning: No high chairs, so if you bring kids come prepared.
The food is horrible and every waiter here gives out unprofessional costumer service, they walk around and talk about people in their language and laugh. They do not clean the table, you have to ask them for their service which is horrible. We have went up and complained to the manager that our plates were not picked up by the waiters and it was said to me to tell my waiter and seemed they did not care. I had to get up and ask for my drinks because the whole time we were sitting down eating they were not giving us refills and not picking up our plates. We've been coming to this buffet  for quite a while and they treat us as if we didn't pay for our meal. We will not be coming back to this buffet again.
This is an incredible place to bring your children to excitement and for a good nap.  Everything from friendly and a helpful staff to tasteful food, this place is great! \nHowever,  besides keeping an eye on your child during busy times, the big red slide could use some staff supervision. Children are just flying down one after another without the bottom being secured. Therefore,  people sliding into another knocking each other down, sometimes causing injury.  Other than that,  it's a fun environment with a very tasty LOL burger.
My girls loves Port of Subs and want to eat here all the time.  I have three favorite locations and one that we call "the stingy Port of Subs" - this locations is one of our favorites - clean, not too busy, fairly efficient employees - it is Port of Subs, so the food is the same everywhere, but we like locations that are clean and pleasant - this is one of those locations.
Great food and service.  Imaginative dishes and drinks.  Awesome design.  Service was fast and professional. Carna asada and scallops are fantastic.  Would go there again. Was about 100 for two.  Well worth it.
Better than average fast Chinese food restaurant. \nI had the shrimp chow mein and it was chuck-ful-of fresh crunchy vegetables and good plump shrimp. \nThey mean business with their hot & sour soup! \nTheir servings are enough for take home bag or splitting if you order an app or egg roll to go with it. \nCan't beat the prices for the amount of food they give you. \nI love the Green Tea Family Dinners menu they offer. Check it out! \nSerious language barrier with most staff.
Great for a quick lunch if you are nearby. The core menu has been the same for over 2 years,  with a rotating lunch special. It can get very, very repetitive if you frequent MARKETbar often, but every once in a while is great. A tasty, filling lunch will run you about $10 with a drink. I would recommend the bacon asiago melt burger... it is delicious! They load on the bacon and cheese. Try it!
My favorite chicken strips ever!!! The secret sauce is really good as well and you could never go wrong with Texas toast. The fries are ok. A must have fast food.
We support LOCAL. After catching a show at Stand Up Live we walked across the street for a late dinner. Wow....the short rib and blues cheese grits were, as always amazing.
Would rate the food a B/B-, value is a B as well. Flavors are either bland or too sweet... However, I DID have the soup on several occasions and would rate it a solid B+. Ambiance is a B+ as well. Staff is always nice and it's easy to get a table. However, wouldn't say this is very authentic Thai food.
We came here for our wedding anniversary breakfast.  Only one reason:  Napoleon. We got a Napoleon,  2 choco croissants,  small latte and large cappuccino.  $16.50. Napileon was NOT fresh. Probably, from the day before. Great disappointment. The guy said he'd bring our coffee to the table. 8 am. Only 2 tables occupied.  We wait for over 10 mins, no coffee. I go to the counter. Wait for another 3 mins by counter and when i finally asked for our coffees, turned out it was ready, just waiting for who knows what! So, how can i give more than 3 stars? The place itself is very nice:  good atmosphere, spacious, staff is friendly, choice is OK. But i come for food, right?  Disapointing...
Haven't tasted a smoothie i haven't liked yet!  If you sign up with them you can receive text message coupons that include 99cent smoothies or 2fers on rainy days. =)
Was looking forward to authentic Mexican food... The Guacamole was fresh out of a package topped with pre-shredded generic cheese and black olives fresh from a can. Fresh avocados are not hard to come by right now. Veggies on the side were right out of the freezer. Also the bar had a line and only one bartender for the entire restaurant. They might soon be on an episode of Restaurant Impossible if it weren't for the ever changing customer base that comes from the Arizona Grand and other surrounding resorts.
My gf decided to try this place out. Cool atmosphere. Burgers are tasty and flavorful nothing extraordinary. Staff is nice and Service is good, just a bit slow. Of course it's a tad pricey but you knew that! All in all a cool place to eat
I'll start by saying we had a wonderful, friendly waitress who was very helpful whenever needed. \n\nThis is some of THE worst food I've ever tasted in my life. The hamburger was clearly a frozen patty even though the waitress mentioned it was NOT ever frozen to me. I asked before ordering. It was gray which shows also that it's probably old/not fresh. Sadly, even the side salad was disgusting. None of this comes even close to the grossness of the fish sandwich. Holy moley...just opening the sandwich to look at the fish was an absolutely disgusting sight. For crying out loud the place is called OCEAN ONE, and they can't serve halfway decent fish?? It was clearly old/not fresh and should NOT have been served. Buns were stale as well. Spinach and artichoke dip was edible but not good. \n\nThis place needs Robert Irvine or Gordon Ramsay to come in and help. I would be scared to see what the kitchen looks like...
Yes it's a chain, I'm aware of that, but my goodness they're incredibly good!  If you've never had Del Taco then expect to be wowed by their freshness and flavors!  This is not your Taco Bell by any means, but instead a fresh closer to authentic version of fast food Mexican!  \n\nThe Fish Tacos, my personal favorite, are large chunks of fried fish with some cabbage and incredibly good sauce! The same can be said for the Carnitas Tacos with their fresh deep fried pork chunks!\n\nFast food? Yes!  Taco Bell?  Hell No!
This place is a gem! Must eat the beef brisket sandwich with coleslaw. So good. Probably the best BBQ I've had in Toronto!!
I rarely give 5 stars but my experience here was wonderful. My waitress Alicia was the sweetest, really knowledgeable about the menu and so attentive. The food and beer were amazing. Lots of beer options. Definitely would come back and get the Goodfella pizza. It's heavenly!
Absolutely disgusting! We paid for our drinks and left. 92.5 sanitation score says it all....
I went here with a big group (8-10 people) for dinner and it was pretty full for a rainy Tuesday night. The restaurant is on the second floor with a bar and a balcony view of King St. The décor is grunge-y Americana, with black walls and American cities and slogans in white paint. The music was great, they played a lot of LCD Soundsystem and hip hop remixes when we were there. As other commenters have said, the music was a little loud for a restaurant, but about right for a bar.\n\nThe menu was very simple with an emphasis on Southern comfort food. I got the Kentucky Fried Handshake Sandwich which comes with a claw attached. I didn't realize until about half way during eating it that you were supposed to cut it off with the supplied knife. The claw isn't really edible so it comes off as a gimmick rather than a genuine value-add. Anyway, the chicken was delicious was a perfect combination of crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The bun and toppings were standard fare that didn't add or take away from the chicken. I was pleasantly surprised by the hot sauce that came with the sandwich. Most similar Americana restaurants only offer Frank's Red Hot Sauce or some other generic sauce that tastes more sweet than spicy. This one was actually spicy and flavourful, and really enhanced the sandwich. \n\nOverall a great restaurant and I definitely want to come back to try some of the more exotic menu items.
I was immediately impressed with the decor. It felt as close to Thailand as I've ever been...I think. I love Thai food and was  excited about finding a new, highly reviewed restaurant within my work area. Pad Kee Mao is my "gold standard" for Thai food. As usual it was ordered with pork and extra spicy. Very quickly my food arrived, I was shocked to see a deep red sauce on this dish. While I knew this was not typical, I was willing to try it. I would like to say I was pleasantly surprised, but quite the opposite, it tasted exactly as it appeared, sweet-and-sour sauce from a cheap Chinese buffet. While I could see quite a few red pepper flakes in the dish, they were completely overwhelmed by the sickly sweet sauce. I can only guess the folks that are happy with the food from Thai House have never had good Thai food.
Double order fondue was incredible. Stay away from the vegetarian grilled sandwich, it was awful... desserts made up for that! Cozy atmosphere
I recommend mochiko chicken & the chicken fried rice. Delicious. Good service and reasonable prices.
It's simple....... This is the best Thai Food in Vegas and I've had it all.\n\nSpecifically, their Panang curry is the best I've ever had.  These guys are professional cooks and every dish is cooked to order.\n\nI get a spice of 10 of 10 and it's the hottest in town!
I don't know why I kept going back to this place. First of all if you go there you will probably get bad service. They have two people that work their that are good, the rest of the staff is horrible. They are remodeling the place, they need much more than a remodel.  The owner needs to take responsibility of his establishment and not let his staff run his restaurant. Remodeling isn't going to improve sales it's the staff.  Have I mentioned how bad the staff is there. Could be a great place but no one cares there. Don't bother going to this place. I would love to see it go under and have some new take it over that actually cares. Go to pranksters, much better service.
Used to be different but recently they have been messing up. I ordered food and they messed up so I contacted their DM and they gave me a $15 credit. Used the credit to order and my wings came raw. Never ordering again.
Late flight + 4.5 star rating place to eat at our hotel = perfect place to grab a late bite!\n\nMy friends and I went to Earl of Sandwich around midnight and man was there a line! Gave us indecisives some time to decide what we wanted to get and I ended up going with "Cannonballs!" The exclamation point really called out to me! \n\nAfter about 10 minutes, our sandwiches were ready and man, after one bite, could I  understand where that exclamation point came from! The meatballs were delicious and they were sliced in half so twas easy to eat. Their marinara sauce perfectly complemented the meatballs and the bread was nice and toasty. \n\nDefinitely come by here if you've got the munchies whether while gambling or after a long night out. There's bound to be something that'll catch your eye!
This place doesn't look like much (used to be a Jersey Mike's), but some of the most amazing ethnic restaurants never do.  I love some of the menu items, like the raw flank steak and grilled calamari appetizers... you don't see that on many menus.  The Pho is good, not the best, but I still get it every time.  The owner/chef is awesome.  He has been out to talk to us every time I have been there.  I haven't been back in while, but they used to allow you to bring your own bottle of wine (no fee).  \n\nI recommend this place for a good, inexpensive dinner.
The service was not good. Our server was in a terrible mood and made no attempt to hide it. She gave us a dirty look when we asked for water and declined soda or beer. While ordering, it was difficult to communicate with the server because the place was so loud. You have to shout to make sure the employees or those in your party hear what you're saying. Then everyone else in the restaurant does the same, which makes for a very noisy place. \n\nI don't really like crawfish because it kind of creeps me out having my food staring at me, but that's my fault, so I won't hold it against them. The crawfish were hot, and they were juicy. I can tolerate SOME heat/spice, so we ordered mild crawfish. The mild is quite spicy, so I think the "hot" should probably be illegal. The crab we ordered with only garlic butter. The crab was obviously low quality, probably on par with what you would find at the cheap buffets. It tasted like a mouthful of sea foam. They can probably get away with serving low quality shellfish because most people put on the hot seasoning and can't taste anything else.
This place is absolutely delicious and so affordable. I spent $6.25 and had one of the best Chile Relleño's of my life and some really delicious rice. Would highly recommend.
I come here for celebrations because they can accommodate large parties. Why isn't this place more popular? It's so pretty inside and their sushi is not bad. The only complaint I have is that they pack their rice balls so tight for the nigiri. I think they do it to make it look like there is less rice but I'd rather them not because it makes it so much harder to chew each piece. \n\nThe appetizers and non sushi items are great here. My favorite is the crispy rice with spicy tuna! So good. Another favorite is the rib eye steak. Medium rare is the way to go. It's served as a thin slice on a wooden platter with some dipping sauce on the side. \n\nService is great here. We had a party of 17 so they were prepared and took our orders by table. It was pretty organized. They were able to split the bill a couple times for our convenience. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. No complaints on customer service!
I had dinner here on a Tuesday night in October, 2012.\nThe place was not full.  At around 8 pm there were only about ten people at various stages of dinner.  The restaurant layout was nice with neat and comfortable tables and chairs, but it can't be said to be extravagant.\nI had chicken vindaloo, and the meal tasted very good.  The side dishes (salad, naan, and dessert were good too.  I went to the McDonalds right next door for my after-dinner coffee.  Service was so-so.  In other words, normal for Indian restaurants.\nI used the bus that night and the good news is that the restaurant is near the bus line that will take you back to the Strip.\nI'll come back again, but I'll avoid busy times (weekend nights) based on the other reviews.\nBy the way, I wish that this website would post the reviews from the oldest to the newest.  That way, if a place, is much-improved you'll only read the most recent most relevant reviews.
My friend and I had a lunch. This is the downstairs of Samba Brazilian Grill building, which looks fancy from the outside, but it's actually very casual. The great thing is that Cabana room is equipped with a nice full bar, and they make pretty good Bloody Mary. \n\nOn my friend's recommendation, I ordered Feijoada - Brazilian black bean soup with few different kinds of meat (sausage, shredded beef/pork etc). It came with a plate of rice, and I guess you can eat the soup with the rice, but frankly, I wasn't crazy about the soup with or without the rice - just didn't care.  Maybe the blandness is the authentic style, but I kept pouring hot sauce and salt just to get any flavor I can out of the soup. \n\nBloody mary, on the other hand, was great. If I didn't have to work in the afternoon, I would have gone for the second.
Wowwww!! This place was unbelievably AMAZING! The drinks were top notch. The bloody marry that has 2 mini waffles, shrimp, deviled egg, bacon, sausage, beef jerky and .... I'm forgetting something here but it was great. I forgot our servers name but he was hilarious! Our food came out super fast.
This place is my favorite! My fiance and I discovered a place in Vegas that's called project pie and we fell in love instantly we went back everyday for lunch while we were there, I discovered this place from getting it for lunch at work one day and ran home to tell my husband cause it was just like project pie! We found this location closer to our house and have gone several times since then. If the oven at this place was a brick oven it would be exactly like project pie but this is the closest. There sauce is tasty compared to other pizza places I have eaten at. Perfect amount of toppings overall a great casual place to eat. You should check it out and hopefully like it as much as my fiance and I do.
A great place to hang out after hours. The food is a OK. Keep your eyes open for the La Dolce Vita's wine night to say goodbye to Summer in style ;-)
Shortly after posting my entry about Centurion (see below) I received an email from chef/owner Eric Osburn stating that the had, indeed, not been in the restaurant during our lunch because someone had set fire to their fence, and he was taking care of that. We had noticed the damage on our way in. He asked that we give Centurion another try.\nSince, as I said in my review, there were many intriguing things about the place, we decided to do that.\n\n     The patio had been repaired, and even improved on, with the addition of canvas "sails" overhead to block the sun. It was 2PM, there were few customers, and we were able to have a good conversation with Eric. He's a graduate of the Culinary Institute of America in Hyde Park and is passionate about food. With Centurion, he wants to overturn many of the problems he's noticed in other restaurants. He aims to be high-end, but with reasonable prices and no pretension. His kitchen is right in back of the windows looking out on Roosevelt, so the cooks don't feel shut in. And like many chefs now, he tries to use local and sustainable products, making for a seasonal menu.\nHe even told me a great way to cook butternut squash - using a cider reduction and vanilla.\n\n     The truly notable changes in our meal were with the stuffed mushrooms and the sauce that came with the mussels. Instead of being ugly lumps, the mushrooms were a work of art. They had been split, stuffed with rice, and wrapped in proscuitto. Looking like exotic oysters, they were so pretty I hated to cut into them. But I was glad I did, because this time they were perfectly cooked and delicious. The mustard sauce on the mussels was well balanced, with the flavors of mustard and white wine playing off each other. We kept soaking it up with the accompanying tasty house-made bread. I have to say I still wasn't crazy about the eggplant panini, but it was more thoroughly cooked than the last time. I guess it's just a matter of taste.\n\n     Because it was Eric who served us, things went well. I'm willing to accept the fact that the staff had been upset about the fire and not functioning as well as they ordinarily would. We'll be going back to try the dinner entrees, so I guess we'll find out.
Initially, this visit started poorly, as the waiter seemed uninterested. Not wanting this visit to continue this way, we started asking questions as though we knew nothing and needed help. Well, it worked.....the service improved as he helped my father smash open his lobster with a rock. It then continued with a free cheesecake for my birthday and he made a big deal announcing it to all. He began to engage himself with us. Good recovery Joe!!! The food rates VERY high, so overall I give this visit 4 of 5 stars. \n\nI originally wrote a scalding review and I immediately received an email from the owner of Angry Crab, demonstrating his concern. This truly impressed me and I will now revisit the Mesa location. Never looking for freebies from these reviews.........I simply enjoy excellent service which I will generously tip for.
definitely returning when i go back to vegas.\n\nthe sushi was really good. very fresh and as alot of people mentioned earlier, some were very creative. \n\nthe main reason we tried this spot was that it was conveniently located 1 min away from the house lol. we were pleasantly surprised to find out that it was really good as well.\n\nwe had the "i did your ex wife" = a bunch of stuff in a jalapeno and deep fried. this was by far my favorite dish this time. i just wish they had a bigger portion.\n\nthe gf had the japanese pizza. it took forever and a day and wasnt really that great but still worth a try.\n\noverall this place was a little pricey but worth it when you need that sushi fix.
My friends and I went there last night. The food was all good. My turkey and brie sandwich was even better than it sounded! Came with dried cherries and apricots and a side of fries. Portions are big we all needed boxes .the service was great! Miguel took patiently care of us, made sure to do something for my friend bday and split checks for us always with a smile on his face. Definitely recommend this location
Excellent food and service!\nEnjoyed the green curry with tofu; complex flavor was the best I've ever tasted.
We ordered House special, and vegetable spring rolls. They both were very good. Tasted fresh, and large portions. The service was perfect. We will definitely be back!
I'm giving this 1 star because there is no option for zero stars!!! I ordered the orange chicken and yuck!!! I have never seen chicken look like this it taste like this before. Absolutely disgusting!!!
I really wish I could have given this place a better rating. The sushi was good as was the service. However the cockroach running across the sushi bar at the end of the meal ruined everything. if it hadn't been for that I would have given 4 stars.
Went for breakfast/brunch.  Totally empty.  Should have seen it as a sign.  Ordered 2 crepes (one each) and a latte.  Bill was $27+ and the crepes were cold when they arrived at the table.  Very, very mediocre food.  Bad menu. Simply cannot survive in this location.  Will never return.
I wish I could give them ZERO stars.  \nA group of us went in for lunch,  around 11:45 or so.  By 12:15, no meals had come out, so we began to ask questions. I ordered a half salad with romaine lettuce,  tomatoes and eggs-three ingredients!, and tomato basil soup.  Should have been an easy task, yes?  Not for the folks at First Watch. Couldn't get a salad with 3 ingredients right!  As the rude server  bought out bags of the wrong food,  I realize my hour for lunch is over and I've got to get back to work.  I am starving. Thank you,  First Watch  for your horrible customer service, rude servers and overall awful experience.  I'll never do that again.
Had the chicken ginger soup. YUMMM!!! Very friendly, helpful, competent staff. QUICK service. Got it to go, but the place looked to be a casual, unpretentious ambiance.
I went here for the lunch buffet. The service was great which is why I am still giving this 3 stars. The food was just okay. Everything they had was mild at best. Maybe ordering off the menu is better but I wouldn't go back for the buffet.
First time at a legendary spot. It did not disappoint. The burger looked good and I was told it was delicious. The chicken souvlaki, classically dressed with tzatziki, onions and tomatoes, on a bun, was tender and fresh and decadent. Finally the onion rings thick with batter, freshly crunchy and tender at the same time were shared by all.\n\nThe space is run down, but expected nothing less. Very authentically 70's. Don't look or touch the underside of the tables...70's gum.\n\nI enjoyed the experience and food!
The food was pretty good but I won't go back because they don't take debit. I rarely have cash and dislike using credit for a quick meal. I contacted them to ask them why and this is what they said, "We don't currently accept any debit card in Canada because of the conversions in our system." Well that makes it clear then. Too bad.
I came here first as a business venture to repair a computer, and was invited back to try the food by the owner's brother. I am SO glad I came back. The Gyro sandwich was the best one I've ever had; it was delicious, and not greasy, nor was it dry. It was just perfect. And the hummus, which is home made, was fantastic. Beats the pants off what I got for twice the cost at Pita Jungle. The baklava? The walnut was good, but the pistachio was divine! \n\nThe prices here are amazing, and the service is excellent. Sadi, the gentleman that invited me back, is a great representation of what excellent customer service is about. He's made me feel like more than just a customer; he made me feel like family here. The store is undergoing some changes (it's been here for over 10 years!) but Sadi is marketing the business out and the food will speak for itself.\n\nThey have a Gyro Combo: Gyro, fries, and a fountain drink for $4.95. Come give it a try, get some shisha for your hookah (they're also a middle eastern grocery store), and bring a friend! It's worth it!
It's been a while since I've been to Delux, but I do keep meaning to go back. Their burgers are a nice change of pace from the typical fast food variety. Order up a "basket" (served in a miniature shopping cart) of sweet potato french fries and you have a not-so-ordinary dining experience.\n\nBeer. Beer, beer and more beer. So much beer that the sheer volume of it outnumbers the rest of the items on the menu. From Microwbrews to Michelob, you're sure to find something cold and refreshing. The sweet raspberry lambic is a nice way to top off your meal.\n\nThe interior is a bit small and it's often crowded and very noisy. Carrying on a conversation inside when it's busy is next to impossible without having to shout. If you can get a seat outside, I would go for it. Keep in mind that Delux is located in a strip mall so you'll be constantly barraged with cars driving by.
I've been coming here since it opened and I always leave happy. I wish this place was here when I was in high school! They are so fast. My waitress, is always the same lady and she is so funny. I always catch her making her own lyrics to the music in the restaurant. Ha hs. They are awesome here!
I love the atmosphere here. It's a pretty restaurant. Very trendy. Great place for breakfast/brunch. I got the pork carnitas omelet. Yummy! This was one of the few times I finished my whole plate! Great portion size for me. My boyfriend got the C.K. special with bacon and turkey sausage. He also finished his entire plate. He said the turkey sausage was amazing!
I have found my new favorite dessert restaurant. When you enter, there's a large wine rack behind a glass casing that separates the dining area from the entrance. There's also a wall of tea cans. \n\nIf you sit at the bar, you get to see them making your desserts. \n\nI love how everything was just so wonderfully designed, white, clean, and comfortable. (Minus the claustrophobia at the bar.) The kitchen was very pretty and orderly. The waitstaff were also just so nice. :D\n\nYou can eat the menu and dip it in a delicious apricot sauce. I tried to see if the plates or the glasses were edible too. They were not. \n\nWe tried the Mt. Fuji, Petit Four, Carib, and sorbet with jelly. Each dish was a work of art and they all tasted delicious. You get to chose what flavors you want for the filling in the Petit Four. I went with chocolate and blackberry, buuuuut I also enjoyed vanilla with raspberry. \n\nWhen they finish making the Carib, they pour a sweet sauce on top and the chocolate disk melts right into the glass. \n\nSwitching topics to their very popular side feature. The bathroom is far too cool. The toilet is also a bidet and the lid automatically shut. The controls for it are on the right and you can adjust the settings. And even better: the seat warmed up! (I want that toilet. Haha.)\n\nThe sink was cool too. There was a little (statue) frog and some plants inside. The water does jet out and kind of splashes against your hands, but ehhh. \n\nOh, and the price for each person runs to be about $25. \n\nI AM COMING BACK SOON! :D
Love this place! Very fresh and delicious!\n\nWe tried their price-fixed dinner for $25. I had the crispy calamari for appetizer, seafood pasta and pistachio ice cream for desert. Everything was amazingly refreshing! \n\nThe waitress (owner?) was very friendly and attentive. Can't wait for their new menu. Will definitely come back!
I'm starting to think this place is only good for those people who had been drinking and craving for carbs.  I heard this is the best pizza around here, that we must come to try.  One of our friends didn't eat dinner, so he was hungry.  This was the reason why we were here.  I wasn't too hungry, but I don't know when will the next time I'll get the chance to grab a slice.  I ordered a white cheese slice and a pepperoni slice. It wasn't that good.  It was old and very chewy.  Nothing special, I'll be craving for.  \n\nSeating inside the Secret Pizza was limited and super-super dirty.  They don't clean up or wipe down the counter.  The trash cans were overflowing.   It's very disgusting to me.  I did see the typical college students spot, grabbing pizza and beer here.  It's probably the cheapest place to eat at the Cosmo.
I had JJANGA bookmarked for a while due to its high Yelp rating. I went with three of my foodie friends who were all excited to try a new AYCE sushi restaurant. \n\nJJANGA is pretty small yet very inviting in decor. When you walk in, the sushi bar is to the left and long wooden booths and tables for seating straight ahead. It's dimly lit with colored light up lanterns hanging from the ceiling which totally sets the mood for a sushi restaurant. They also have huge blown up posters of their sushi chefs on the walls which I thought was kind of hilarious and enjoyed!\n\nWe of course did AYCE and for drinks had some Mango Soju (which was absolutely delicious, tastes like juice but the alcohol creeps up on you) and cold sake. The house sake is cheap here, $3 for a small and $6 for a large! \n\nFor AYCE entrees, we tried a little bit of everything. Salmon, hamachi, garlic tuna, tuna, and super white tuna to name a few nigiri. We also got seaweed salad, poke salad, hotate ebi skewer (grilled shrimp), dynamite, Shu Mai, grilled mackerel (comes out whole), baby squid, fresh oysters, and a few of the rolls. \n\nPros: \n- Nigiri comes in small portions but the raw fish tastes fresh and delicious. The super white tuna is incredible!\n- Very tasty rolls. At one point we asked one of the servers to surprise us with her favorite roll and it was to die for. Shrimp tempura wrapped in tuna, topped with crab salad and drizzled in a creamy sauce. No rice and no seaweed! SO good!\n- Grilled mackerel was bomb. Came with a tangy ponzu sauce. Had to be careful picking around the bones since they bring you out the entire fish\n- Seaweed salad was great but the portion is tiny. My advice would be to order two \n- Shu Mai was very good! Not a dish you would usually see on an AYCE sushi menu but all of us thoroughly enjoyed it \n- My friends tried the uni (sea urchin) and really liked it. Said it was less saltier than other sushi restaurants and had a nice flavor to it. I thought it looked disturbing. Still haven't built up the courage to personally try uni...\n\nCons: \n- Oysters tasted a little too much like the sea. It had a light ponzu sauce on it but the fishiness was overpowering \n- The dynamite was really odd. Didn't look nor taste like your typical dynamite. When I order dynamite I expect like a baked concoction of seafood smothered in a creamy light orange sauce. There wasn't much creaminess about this dynamite. It was brown in color and had an abundance of sliced mushrooms (?)\n- Whatever the poke salad was marinated in tasted sour \n\nI would definitely say the pros outweighed the cons and the service was pleasant. I enjoyed my experience here and will be coming back for some AYCE!
I ate here a few years ago and did not care for the food at all. So many folks who know Chinese food raved about it we went back the other day. My opinion of the place soared. We had a shrimp vermicelli dish in a clay pot that was fantastic. The mixed veg was just ordinary. The service was fine and the atmosphere vintage Oriental.
Has the pasta china lo mein dish very good flavors were balanced very well and the variety of meat was awesome.  Tried the pep/sausage egg roll not for me but the idea is great gonna create my own version of the roll. \n\nGonna go back and try some other dishes.
So glad I listened to other reviews and made a reservation. This place was packed Friday evening. If you don't make a reservation be prepared to wait at least 20 mins. \n\nThe ambience was great, had an authentic Italian vibe to it. I noticed opera music playing in the background which was a nice touch. Our waiter was very attentive despite the full restaurant. \n\nOn to the food: I ordered the prosciutto and arugula pizza, my girlfriend ordered the sea bass. (Beware it's not a filet so if you don't like to pick out bones, don't order it.) It was perfectly cooked and very nicely seasoned. My pizza was fantastic. I especially loved the crispy yet chewy crust. It wasn't the best pizza I've ever had but I'd definitely come back for more.
This is a go-to place for me and my family when I'm in town. The primary reason? Well, the really good quality food, of course. But more than that, this is a place that has quality food for all types of people. My mother is someone who very rarely eats Mexican food because the spice (and really ANY spice at all) is too much for her. I, on the other hand, like things fairly spicy. Others prefer to be sweating heavily into their dishes...so understandably, the wide variety of preference can be hard to cater to. This place has it all, and did I say quality? Quality food here. Just quality...\n\n...And quantity! Pretty big dishes. Others have complained about the severs but I've never had a problem. Drinks stay full, people are nice and are not hovering over your table constantly. Ive never been spoken to rudely or any of that nonsense, just kind of typical average dinner-going experiences all around.\n\nThe decor and atmosphere are quite nice. You really get the feeling you're in some fancy casita owned by some drug lord somewhere in Mexico. Was that racist? Whatever. Its inviting, its a little flashy, it gives your eyes somewhere to wander if your date is boring as sin.\n\nThey have their own unique spin on things for a restaurant of this type: ie offering potatoes as an option to rice & beans, monstrous combo plates, etc. I like that because it makes it an experience you're really not going to find elsewhere too easily. Keeps me coming back.\n\nOverall, I highly recommend this place. Yeah its gringo mex fare, but its pretty delicious anyway. Great place to have a beer or five with your meal, and I think you'll be coming back often as well.
Tasty fast food, and a crazy hand dryer!\n\nTHE UP-SIDE:  For a fast-food sorta deal, this place is pretty darn tasty.  I usually go with the Turkey Burger and am never disappointed.  You can also choose from a beef, veggie or portabello type burger.  The toppings are many, and are all up to you.  And then there's the fries; quite tasty in their own right, and served in big portions.\n\nOne other up-side...  The bathroom hand dryer; it's like a jet engine.  Scared the heck outta me the first time I used it.  Funny stuff.\n\nTHE DOWN-SIDE:  This place goes for that down-homesy-folksy feel with cutesy "rude" sayings on the walls.  They're supposed to be funny, but I find them a little aggravating.  They remind me of something somebody's grandparents would find "daring" and "naughty."  (Bo-ring)  None the less, the quality of the food surpasses the silly signs.\n\nTHE SUM-IT-UP:  Go here when you want fast-food, but are aching for something a little better than the norm.  It's good stuff.
This place converted me from a person who didn't care for breakfast to a fan. I had the Rancheros and they were delicious! Not to mention the house made sauces and caesar. Will definitely be back.
Almost missed it, a little door but a fair sized dining area....but probably fills up fast. I ordered out because I wanted to eat at home. \n\nAnyway I ordered extra crispy and the savoury spicy (dry and sauced) dish for $30. Came with a pop and a side of radish pickle (I'm in love with these). The take out box is unique and has a string to carry. Packed nice and secure.\n\nGood portions, it was just two of us plus enough for leftovers. The meat is juicy and even though it took us 30m to drive home everything was hot as crispy still. The sauce was very flavourful but a bit sweeter than I expected. \n\nI do recommend this if your a fried chicken fan
A very simple and basic Korean restaurant serving only 8 items on the menu.  This is not a knock because they are all ~$8 and that's the biggest plus here.  You can get everything you would expect from your traditional Korean meal - the banchan, miso soup, bulgogi or soondubu or bibimbap, rice (+ the water to pick up the remaining rice stuck to the stone pot) for all under $10 = highway robbery.
The glass elevator ride on the way up presents a unique experience and a nice view of the Stratosphere and some parts of the Vegas Strip. This, along with attentive service and classic steakhouse ambiance promises a great meal. I was disappointed.\n\nWhile the lobster bisque had some nice lobster chunks, the bisque's texture was gritty. I ordered the Filet Mignon (8oz for $36.95) crusted with bleu cheese for an extra few bucks to be medium rare but I received it overcooked. It was more medium/medium well than medium rare. A third of it was stringy and chewy. The bleu cheese crust well-complimented the steak but the green beans that accompanied the entree tasted watery. I expected more.
Stopped for dessert after a play, around 11 on a weeknight -- 2 families, with a total of 8 in our party.  We had sweet potato fries and a few desserts, so I cannot comment on their dinner menu.  \nEverything we had was very good.  Service, however, was practically nonexistent, although the servers seemed to be having a great time talking amongst themselves.  We had to flag someone down for water refills, for our bill, to pay our bill... you get the idea.  But for a late-night dessert spot right downtown, it was a winner overall.
I had very high expectations of this place and that did not help...  The chicken was okay and not the best fried chicken I've ever had.  The best part about this place is the honey... lots and lots of honey.  Different kinds and no limits (other than it takes a long time to pour honey).  The fries were good (a great way to scoop up more honey) but oddly way more than you would need.  I will give it another chance, but I don't have high hopes that it will beat Yardbird for Fried Chicken on the Strip anytime soon...\n\nOrdered:\nKerry's Classic\nThe Drum Line w/ Sweet Potato Fries (two drumsticks)\n\nOverall: Worth the try because of the hype, but if you really just want Fried Chicken you might want to check out Yardbird instead
We decided to finally try what seems to be Vegas' favorite Mexican place on a Friday after work.  Lindo was already hoppin' at 6:30, but we seemed to beat the crowd and only had a 10 minute wait for a table.  We were seated at a table in the bar area - between the bar stools and the massive booths they have.  (To be honest the booths look plush and wonderful, but are so large they seem out of scale with this rather small restaurant).\n\nThe service was warm and attentive throughout.  Complimentary chips, salsa and bean dip? Check.  All were good - the salsa even a bit hotter than what I expected, which made for an auspicious start!  House margaritas on the rocks with salt made with sweet and sour and Sauza were bright, tangy and not overly sweet - yummy.\n\nWow - their menu is extensive with all kinds of innovative, tasty sounding dishes like Fillet Relleno -  fish fillet stuffed with seafood and then breaded and fried.  I opted for the Enchiladas de Camaron - gulf shrimp in tortillas with red enchilada sauce.  The combination includes fideo soup - although it's just a simple tomato based soup with vermicelli noodles, I'm a big fan of any restaurant that serves it.  Love me some fideo and this one was good.\n\nThe entrees arrived and, after such an exciting stellar start, I was surprised they were a little...well...meh.  The shrimp were cooked nicely inside my enchiladas, but the sauce was kind of tasteless.  Rice and beans were fine, pretty much what you would expect to find in any mexican restaurant.  My whole entree was kind of a plate of bland.\n\nThat said, I definitely want to go back - I haven't lost faith, maybe I just didn't make the right choice off of their massive menu.  Mole anyone?
VIBE \nIt's crazy packed (aka even if you make a "reservation" you'll still wait at least a half hour....this is the price of going here on a Saturday night and surprisingly in January). The staff made it up to us though. It's also still incredibly loud. Great for a group but there are definitely campers here so that's why you're going to wait. Still...overall good vibe.\n\nWE DRANK/ATE \n$13.95 for a margartia is incredibly overpriced but damn! That's a good margarita! \nWe had a few tacos too - the arctic char tostada was incredible. Like wow. I kind of want to run back there just to have it again! Beef cheek was great too. \n\nOBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK \nWith their new brunch menu, this place isn't going anywhere soon. Note: they really are reinventing brunch here! Excited to see that but am going to wait until the crowds calm down if that's ever possible.
My first experience at camp ground camping. Probably doesn't count since I am staying in a fancy Winnebago. Nothing like waking up in the morning to birds singing and dogs barking. I so much appreciate these people bringing their dogs. Other helpful tidbits: probably not a good idea to go to the bath house with a pink towel. Just sayin.....\n\nAnd why is it that guys showers don't have curtains but girls do?\n\nWent down to the lodge the next day.  It has been completely remodeled.  Very nicely done
I'm not really a big donut guy. But some fried breakfast sounded pretty good this morning. Plus, I work on Sunday mornings, and it always makes coworkers happy when somebody brings in junk food. So I picked up a dozen on my way to work.\n\nJustifications aside, Bosa has great Donuts! These are way better and cheaper than Krispy Kreme or Dunkin Donuts. This is definitely the place I'll stop by when I'm in the mood for the morning sweet treats.\n\nBut don't waste your time with the coffee here. It's awful.
My wife and I have eaten at Frescos a number of times the last few years, and decided a review was in order. \n  First and foremost, of all of the times we have eaten there, we have NEVER gotten a bad meal. Not even a borderline meal. They have been consistently superb. \n  Our most recent visit was 10/26/13. They were approximately 3/4 full when we arrived(7:30), so we were seated quickly. Our server was friendly and prompt with menus, drinks and food. We never had to search her out, she was efficient without being smothering. She brought some bread and herbed dipping oil, which was quite tasty.\n\n  I got the pot roast, and it was fantastic. Melt in your mouth fork tender beef, with chedder mac and cheese and caramelized Brussels sprouts (which i was prepared to hate, but loved). My wife got a shrimp and ravioli seasonal special dish that was also exceptional. We have had several of the dinners that are currently on the menu, and they were all delicious. \n  \n   The prices are moderate, both food and alcohol. Dinner and drinks will end up with a $50-$60 check. Add apps and dessert and you will be around $75. Not a bad value for food of this quality, along with a quiet and laid back atmosphere, where you can have a conversation with your dinner partner without yelling. (Yes, i am talking about YOU Siba!!) They do have an outdoor patio with entertainment during the summer months. We have never tried that though.\n  \n   The only negative we had from our most recent visit was that we both requested containers for the uneaten portion of our dinners, and somehow our server mixed my wife's up with someone elses(we discovered this after we got home). Human error, no big deal.
I hate giving 5's, I wish this were a 10 point scale... anyway, Cozumel is great at what they do.  They put booze in their margs, for reals... IT'LL GET YOU DRUNK, YEAH, I'M SCREAMING, THAT'S HOW I TALK! (thanks mr. chappelle), I recommend mango, raspberry or strawberry.  I suppose it's hard to mess up mexican food, however, most restaurants would've given me a bad experience by now, these guys never really have.  I've been here a lot.  Almost exclusively in the bar (I eat too, don't judge), but now they have a patio.  Aside from the somewhat ugly, rundown surrounding area, the patio is really nice.  Panini's across the street has a patio too, you just have to embrace the days inn and the power lines.
Wendys has gone down since 10 years ago!\nBad tasteless soggy burgers! Went to this location had paid 7.45 for 1 cheeseburger and a lousy coke!! McDonald's was across the street and busy most of time, this place was empty and know why!!! Never again!!
Monta is amazing. Not only are the noodles killer but I love the idea of a tiny little restaurant that really only does a handful of items. You won't find desserts or even much for appetizers here. But what they do they do to perfection. Every couple of weeks I NEED my miso ramen fix. I plan on moving next year and I know Monta is one place I will miss.
The drinks here r very good. And the customer service is excellent. I also like the ambience
Went here for breakfast with transition to lunch buffet. \n\nAgain, Omelette Station.   \n\nFor the price of $15.12 for two people for breakfast, this buffet gets it done and then some.  \n\nCan't compared it to more expensive buffets on the strip like Aria and etc. \n\nI'm a buffet eater, this is a decent buffet for the price. It really is.
This is the longest drive through I've ever been to, consistently. It's always at least a 30 min+ and the staff is never friendly. I don't know why I still come here other then the fact that it's the closest filibertos to my house.
Incredible! Lemongrass Soup may sound strange to beginners but it's so tasty! The sauces are also amazing. Everything we tried was delicious. Elegant yet cozy atmosphere. Good prices and great service.
Came by this restaurant with my mom and brother for a quick lunch. They advertise themselves as Szechuan and Taiwanese, and the menu truly was a mix of both. \n\nThe owner was very accommodating and they offer hot water along with ice water, so you know it's real. \n\nThe way to go is definitely family style, so we ordered the stewed meatball, braised fish filets, and roast pork minis to start. Each entree came with a hefty bowl of rice, so it was more than enough. \n\nThe meatballs and fish came with veggies on the bottom, so you felt like you were getting your fill of greens. Both dishes were sauce heavy but delicious. \n\nMy brother wanted a soup, so we ordered an additional lunch special of home style Tofu. Lunch specials came with a side of fried rice and soup. The sauce for this dish was overwhelming and will definitely ask them to reduce next time. \n\nOverall, it was a very good meal and a solid experience. I'll definitely be back and would love to try their turnip cakes.
Had a wonderful date night here. Great wine list. Delicious food. Great addition to Cave Creek.
LOUD!!!  Pretty good pizza pie but the prices for what you get just don't match.  $17 for a margherita pizza...ouch.  Also, it's really, really, REALLY LOUD, so, if you like paying a little too much for your food and yelling at your dinner companions than this place is for you!  Recommendation is happy hour throughout the week for lower prices and who knows, maybe a lower volume on the obnoxiously loud sound system.  So, food good, service very good, music volume ridiculous.  Fix the volume first and maybe that will make the price of the food not seem like its overpriced due to an overall better dining experience.  Oh, kids menu is good but don't expect to hear your minion over the music that's blasting.  Did I mention it's loud?!?
This place is just OK. Nothing special, nothing too memorable or delicious that I have to come back. \nI like that it's an old school Vegas restaurant from 1976, but it doesn't look like one thing has changed since then...a little old and dirty looking. \nPâté du jour looked like a slice of canned lunch meat, similar to spam, no nice presentations..\nI got the scampi as the main course, which is 7 sautéed shrimp in an OK sauce for $30. \nA little overpriced for the lack of visual appeal, what you get on the plate and how it tastes. Most entrées are served with a side of tasteless wild rice. Bordeaux (by the glass) was good. \nService wasn't too bad, but nothing outstanding.
Another day, another Indian buffet.\n\nIt's Friday, which is Go Out To Somewhere Besides Subway day. \n\nDining companions: "Let's go to India Palace!"\n\nMe: "Is it sit down or a buffet?"\n\nDining companions: "Buffet."\n\nMe: "I don't know then. Maybe I'll go somewhere else."\n\nDining companions: "But it's much better than the other places! We promise!"\n\nMe: "I don't know, man."\n\nDining companions: "You will like it. We are not joking." \n\nMe: "Dudes, I'm not so sure about this, but hey, what the hell. I'm in."\n\nSo alright, walking into this restaurant, India Palace surprisingly seems to have the interior done pretty nicely. Nice chairs. Pointed archways. Water set on tables in tall glass bottles. Music playing but not loud and not cloying. All that stuff.\n\nThe lunch buffet ($8.95) has all the standard dishes, but definitely more variety than either Maharaja, Flavors of India, or Taste of India. The food tasted pretty decent, although the buffet garlic naan was pretty flimsy. Tandoori chicken was a disappointment, but I've never had good buffet tandoori chicken in an Indian restaurant EVER, and the veggie biryani was not really a biryani, but again it's a buffet, so I'll just let it slide, since the other dishes, like the keema (ground lamb) and aloo mattar (potatoes and peas) were good. \n\nI never went to India Palace's old location on Greenway, so this was all a new experience for me. Again, pleasant place to sit in, spotless bathrooms (big indicator when it comes to these places), and decent buffet food. May come back again, but may head back to Tandoori Times 2 for better grilled meat options and naan made the way it's meant to be.\n\n3.43 stars for now. Good effort.
Went in Friday night, the wait was 25-30 minutes which we expected. It took about 40 to be seated. I know it was a guess but still it took a while. The waiter was nice and the food was good. I've been twice since we moved to this side of town and service and food has been good. We will be back.
Very good. Service was great, food was cooked to perfection, obviously cause I cooked it myself. Great little place to swing by for lunch.
Food was kinda gross. I had the orange chicken and  it was gross. I decided to trash it and have the pepperoni pizza but that was gross too. Usually I find anything appetizing when I'm starving but this tasted bad even then. The service was good however. It was a busy day but they were still polite and attentive.  \n\n4 stars for service \n0 for food
Love the live band, wine, apps and service! Best cheese and meat plate and you can never go wrong with the chop salad. I would have given it a 5, but there is one small issue.... The high top chairs are extremely uncomfortable! We sat at two different high tops and both times the chairs were almost falling apart and rickety. That's the only complaint.
Absolutely horrendous. I don't know what happened here, but after years of burger perfection, this place has inexplicably taken a sharp nosedive. Our last visit was so bad, I don't know where to start. \n\nWe ordered 1 regular size jalapeño Baja, 1 large size jalapeño Baja and a smash fries. Simple enough right? Well, it took over 23 minutes to be served and both burgers arrived identical in size, despite the server announcing "and the large is for who?". After 23 minutes, we didn't care. Whatever. Then we noticed the buns had inexplicably shrunk in size. For some reason, the buns looked like slider buns with the meat protruding about 1-2 inches all around. Very skimpy and strange. Oh well... when you're hungry you overlook these things and start eating anyways.   Unfortunately though, the meat patties tasted like they had been coated in salt for a week. I've never tasted anything so salty in my life. It was my sodium allowance for the week in 1 bite. Unbelievable. We both couldn't finish our burgers they were so salty... and with those silly little mini-buns! What a disaster.\n\nAnyways, I know it's fast food and we need to temper our expectations but nevertheless this was beyond bad. I never thought I would say this, but I would rather eat McDonalds. And that's saying a lot. \n\nToo bad. We really loved Smashburger. And now we will NEVER go back.
I'm a huge craft beer fan so having a chain restaurant brew their own beer is definitely a great place to be! Great food for all to enjoy and vegetarian options. I had the sausage plate, which was awesome but too many sausages to handle lol it's perfect for a night out with the guys or a casual date experience.
I just wanted to leave a quick review here for this place . \n\nI've ate this place a few times actually each time is better than the other times . \n\nRecently had it about a week ago and it was best I ever had it, it was very good and I love seafood crawfish is my all time favorite. \n\nI ordered the Pan Roast with Crawfish and Crab meat, very good taste and rich and creamy as I expected to be every time I visit Arizona this place I always wanna try. \n \nThe amount of the Pan Roast is crazy big so much food take it home to-go and eat it for later lol . \n\nVery good place to eat when you're having a seafood craving , hopefully the casino doesn't distract you. \n\nBeing that it's located in the Talking Stick casino . \n\nCome and try .
This location is getting better. Since I was in this area I stopped to pick up a grilled chicken salad and chicken taco meal. The line was much more organized and stocked. I would suggest asking for 2 cups of dressing because they are half the size here as other locations. Also if you don't like the tortilla underneath the salad as is it gets soggy, ask for it on the side.
Went here for my 4 year anniversary from a friend's recommendation. We loved our steaks. They were huge, and they were SO good that even when we microwaved it the next day it was STILL good. Remarkable!
We were driving through town and found this spot on Yelp. This was first rate, memorable sushi! We eat a lot of sushi back home in Detroit, and on our travels, and we had never before been to a place that offers multiple rice blends as Red does - tasty and distinctive! The fish was melt in your mouth fresh. The flavor and texture combinations are imaginative. We enjoyed every roll we ordered. Oh, and they have craft cocktails! Definitely some refined mixology going on there. I wish Red was right around the corner from where we live. Service was a little pretentious, but the food and spirits outshines the rest.
Amazing! Great Happy Hour drink prices not to mention Anthony and Russo are great bartenders! They are hilarious and always make sure you have a good time! The food is not your average bar food its grommet! They have a vegan section as well as a gym time section on the menu. Great love to grab a great drink and a great bite!
Wow, to get a 5th star from me on a 2nd visit means it's pretty good! I can be on the picky side.  What I am trying to understand is how the casino cafes can get away with charging more than Bobby Flay for a burger that doesn't even come close to what you get at Mesa Grill.  If you look at the guides, Mesa Grill is listed as semi pricey - well in comparison to the mediocre food at many of the casino restaurants, this should be listed as inexpensive!  A burger costs $16 and it's worth every penny for the way the cheese is perfectly melted into the meat and the onions are caramelized to perfection.  Fries are seasoned really well too.  \n\nThe barbecued lamb salad was delicious and not gamey.  They know how to make a pretty good Bloody Mary - but not as good as Old Ebbitt Grill in DC - Bobby ... go check it out and you'll see what I mean! \n\nService is always great.  Thanks for another delicious meal.
We stopped by Zen's around 8 on a saturday night. There was a waitlist, but after standing around for a few minutes, we were seated early since we only had a party of 2.\n\nI got the vegetable curry with tofu katsu, and my boyfriend got the pork katsu curry with a spice level of 8. He loved his dish, and the spiciness was intense, but delicious - aka not just spicy for the sake of spice. My curry was amazing, and the tofu katsu was deliciously crunchy. I was so happy they had a vegetarian curry on the menu! I assume it was vegan, but I didn't think to verify.\n\nWe had only ever had japanese curry made from store-bought blocks, and this knocked it out of the park. When we're in Vegas again, we'll definitely be back!
Took my family here 2 nights ago for wings and pizza and the service is horrible.  No courtesy words, have to beg to get the table wiped off.  Zero stars in my book!
A great change from the normal chain restaurants in the South Hills.  It's bar food, and normally done well.  The waitstaff can be inattentive, but I have no problem calling them over.  Nice little neighborhood place.
Friendly, personable staff, good food and large portions.  I'll be going back again to see what else they have.  The California burrito is huge, but a bit on the dry side because we believe missing the guac and sour cream.
I'm typically not a fan of Mexican fare on the Strip because the outrageous prices tend to lead to disappointment and regret. But, Canonita proved to be a pleasant surprise with it's quality ingredients and above average execution. Located  in the Grand Canal area of the Venetian with much of the narrow restaurant overlooking the man made waterways and sitting under the faux sky, the ambiance can be surprisingly relaxing.\n\nTheir drink list is full of custom cocktails and margaritas. The pineapple infusion margarita ($11) was excellent with tropical flavors and hints of vanilla. For those that can't decide, they've got a margarita flight ($15) with a classic,  jalapeño, and pineapple version.\n\nPlenty of popular dishes can be found on the menu like flautas ($12), three per order, all crispy and tightly rolled with ample amount of ground beef inside topped with an avocado-tomatillo sauce, lettuce and quest fresco. The entrees were quite good. The wild mushroom enchiladas ($21), covered in a poblano cream sauce, were an excellent vegetarian option. The Santa Rosa pork barbacoa ($21) was a hefty portion of for-tender meat topped with a slightly acidic sauce, surrounded by fluffy and buttery cilantro rice and accompanied by tortillas to make your own tacos.
Really great service and tasty food. I'm not a big fan of saucy BBQ or ribs, but there's plenty more to eat here than that. The tacos are amazing - especially when they have them as daily specials (e.g. jerk pork!), and paninis are really good too. And I always try to leave room for their donuts... So very soft and delicious!!!
Uhh who's leaving terrible reviews at Applebee's? Most of these stars are for their drinks and wonton tacos. At one point of time we frequented their Carside to Go so much that we didn't have Tupperware we had Applebee's containers. The staff here are friendly and accommodating and this is the perfect spot to watch the game or go to happy hour. I love their 2 for $20 deal and I can only count on one hand when I had an unpleasant experience.  They take care of it quickly. They care and that's why I always come back.
Came back again to celebrate i got a job offer! Me and my sister ordered sushi boat A and shrimp tempura. Everything is great! Sushi are well made and tempura r nice and hot! The only downside is... i dont know why every time i ate there there r a few fruit flies around which is kind of annoying.
This place was awesome! Lots of fun! Very cheap too! Came before 12 and it was only 25 an hour for the whole group. Food was actually really good as well and priced well. The fried chicken sandwich wasn't greasy and had pretty good flavor for 10 bucks. Would recommend to anyone who golfs, but the balls are made to not go as far with the 3 woods and such. My 8 iron would go 150 and the 3 wood maybe 200, but at that point you'll have overshot all the targets. Still great place! Would recommend!
Sometimes I'm really sad that I can't eat wheat. Like when I'm sitting next to Ben B's ginormous pizza pie. But what I was most impressed about at Piola was the salad, which was meal sized.\n\nMy seafood salad sat on a bed of arugula, olives and some "special sauce." There was an assortment of cured salmon and prawns, which were both really flavourful. You'd think they'd stop there, but no, across the plate was a flaky pile of tuna and, wait for it, wait for it, a wedge of brie. \n\nA wedge of brie. Unheard of! I have never been as full from a salad as I was with this one. Yes, it's probably because I didn't share my brie wedge, but whatever. \n\nIt was getting on in the evening, 9ish, and there was plenty of empty tables. Service was on the slow side, but since it started with a very, very full glass of Prosecco, I had no reason to rush. Overall, mama mia, me likey!
LOVE THIS PLACE! They have the best donair. My boyfriend and I literally order from this place at least twice a week. The guys are so friendly, they make the food so quickly and it is always incredibly tasty. I've tried so many donair places in the city and I am not lying when I say this place is the BEST. Pizza is awesome too. You can't go wrong with this place. I would give it 6 stars or 10 stars if I could. Love it, love it, love it.
I don't Starbucks nearly as much as I used to, but when I do, I hit up this location. The employees have changed over the years but are ALWAYS super friendly! If the line is out the door, no worries, they get you in and out in no time. If there is a problem with your drink, they fix it right away. If they know you and your order never changes, they start making it as soon as you walk in. It hurts to pay the prices there sometimes, but it hurts less when the service is superb!
The food here is fantastic! I have no complaints. Good service, good food. I was told that management changed in last 6 months but, I ate here 18 moths ago and then again very recently and I can't see any difference with regards to the food. So far so good. Will keep coming here. Oh, if you need more sauce just ask! They are very willing to give you more if that's what you like.
Nine of us had dinner on a weekday. We sat at the bar at high top tables pulled together. It was comfortable and easy to chat despite the TVs. Service was by Christina and her coworker. They were very attentive and we enjoyed. \nFor appetizers, we all split calamari (x2), nachos, and bruschetta (x2). It was a good amount of food and there were leftovers. The calamari was hot and crisp. The bruschetta consisted of triangles of bread with cheese melted in top and a bowl of chopped flavored tomatoes.  It was good. The nachos had a lot of jalapeños And were very meaty. They were a heavy appetizer to eat before a big steak. \nMy Caesar salad was tasty. The lettuce was chopped in small bite sized pieces and the dressing was good. There was a lot of cheese. I liked the garlic croutons which was surprising since I usually order it without croutons. But I forgot. I would order this again. The filet was perfectly cooked medium rare and melted in my mouth. The blue cheese on top was not shy! The mac and cheese side dish was good. Broccoli too. I didn't try the potatoes (jalapeo hash browns) but everyone raved about them. We skipped dessert.
Rubio's is always good but this location in particular has really friendly and professional staff. I like the options for seating and the downtown location.
all the breakfast here is really good especially most of the dishes service is always very good and efficient sometimes it's hard to find a good breakfast place in the burbs This is one of the better ones
Very good wine suggestions!!...the service was also great and the food was really good.. Maybe the location is not the best... But I really enjoyed this place!!
Be still my heart. Finally, a neighbourhood brunch place. Why didn't I come here sooner? Believe the hype, at least for brunch.\n\nFriday brunch was AMAZING. We ordered the Huevos Rancheros and Beastwich. Let me tell you, the portions look deceiving. If they look big to you, they are GIANT. I could not finish my meal which is a rarity. But quality is another thing. And here quality is great. My fried thigh was so juicy, flavourful and crispy. Not to mention my fresh biscuit, actually flavourful cheese and luscious sausage gravy. His Heuvos held up to all the delicious, soggy ingredients.\n\nThe coffee and donuts are another delicious feature. $4 for a cup of coffee is steep but I think you must try it at least once if you are a coffee lover. Funnily enough the maple bacon donut was not my favourite, we both loved the double chocolate.\n\nService was excellent. Our server happily fulfilled our request to be seated on the patio should a table open. Other places get you gruff and eyerolls.\n\nIf you have a bad experience here...I don't know what to tell you.
I really want to like this place.  As a transplant from Southern CA, I've found it nearly impossible to find quality Chinese....or Japanese, Korean, Vietnamese food in the Phoenix area.  So many fusion spots, and other imposters posing as the real thing....and Cantonese restaurants seem to be going extinct in Phoenix.\nI can often gauge the quality of the Chinese restaurant just by looking at the menu.  Nee House caught my attention when I saw hot pots, mapo tofu, clams in black bean sauce, and chow fun.  All good signs and nice to see something other than orange chicken, sweet and sour pork and the omnipresent pupu platter and egg rolls.  \nThe food here is actually decent.  It's not San Gabriel Valley good, but it will do.  It's the service here that gets me.  Believe me, I'm not a service snob and I usually could care less, especially at a Chinese restaurant where service is never to be expected.  These people are borderline rude and seem to have a vendetta against their customers.  It's really weird. I've learned that you need to have your head on a swivel and practically force eye contact to make things happen...then you may have some success.  My kids have even renamed these place as "Superslow Chinese Restaurant" if that gives you any indication.\nWith that said, we have learned to manage expectations and deal with accordingly, like you would any problem employee, and proceed with caution.  The food is good though....enjoy.
Hidden gem. Never heard of this place, but it was cute and the food was great! \n\nWe arrived early and it was quiet. By 630 the place was packed. They had a live musician as well. Cute patio for when it cools down. \n\nThey promote a happy hour but it's only for the bar. \n\nDo not, I repeat, do not, order any of the specials. You'll literally fall off your chair with sticker shock when the bill arrives. My "special" was 3.5x the price of my fellow diners! (It was tasty, but not 3.5x tastier...ya feel me?) Not only that, but it was an entire dish more expensive than the highest priced item on the menu. Not feeling so special anymore. \n\nOverall, worth trying if you're nearby. Stick to the menu.
About one step closer to authentic than Roberto's as Roberto's is from Macayo's.  The meat choices include all the usual including tripas, which is one step closer to authentic than lengua, which lengua is pretty much as far as Roberto's goes.  The Mexican community really likes this restaurant so it must be good!\n\nYou usually have to wait in one line to order a certain kind of meat and then another line handles the more exotic items.  Usual stuff but the food is much better than Tacos Mexico.  I'm not much of a Mexfood fan so 3 stars is really generous and if you do like it than you may rate it higher.  It is still very delicious.
It was ok service from our server. It took him about 6 minutes to come to my mother and I. When he came he never introduced his name and never asked what we wanted to drink. He also never checked in with us. The only reason why this has three stars is because of the amazing quality of sushi.
If I could leave less than a star I would. Tonight I lost all hope in humanity. There was a homeless guy in front of us and he shows the guy who was sitting everyone that he had enough to buy himself a meal they turned him away and said they had no room they couldn't seat him inside but he could sit outside if needed be but they had a booth for our 4 top that was behind him in line and plenty seats at the bar area. Our seat or those could of easily been his... the guy that was seating people said it was what management tells him to do... good job management this is the first and only time I'll be here.
I live in Las Vegas, and my boyfriend and I LOVE to frequent this restaurant! Great atmosphere, great food, and great people watching!  We enjoy going any afternoon/evening.... we always request to sit on the patio front so that we can have the strip view, and it also gives us the opportunity to see the beautiful Bellagio fountain show as well.... we always have a few beers or glasses of wine while enjoying the Baked Goat Cheese, the Mussels Mariniere and the yummy fresh baked bread!\n\nI have always had a great time at this restaurant! The service has been consistently wonderful and charming each time we have been.  Would definitely recommend going for anyone who hasn't been!
At My Place Cafe just opened yesterday! We were in the shopping plaza Saturday and had already eaten but saw the large Grand Opening banner and peeked inside to see what this cafe was like. After looking at the menu we knew we had to check it out for breakfast the next day.\n\nThis little restaurant serves up a mix of Filipino and American foods. The all-day Filipino breakfast menu is up on the chalkboard while there is a rotating daily menu of breakfast, lunch, and dinner dishes on a clipboard near the register to look at. We decided on the tapsilog and tocilog ($7.99 each). We also shared some vegetable eggrolls.\n\nThe interior is cute, with sunny warm accents and a contemporary feel. On the counter there are various pastry items, both Filipino style and American, if you're looking for more of a quick bite.\n\nOur orders were nicely presented, and had a good amount of meat and rice to them. Both the tapsilog (Marinated sliced beef) and the tocilog (Marinated, cured pork slices) had rich, deep, earthy flavor in every bite. I was slightly disappointed that the I couldn't taste more of the garlic in the sinangag (Garlic fried rice). We also received one egg instead of the two that were advertised on the menu. The egg was cooked perfectly to order at least (We requested over easy). There was a small bowl of papaya salad (atchara) that went well with the meal.\n\nThe vegetable egg rolls were 4 to an order and were fried to a lovely golden brown color. They tasted decent, although the filling tasted slightly mushy to me.\n\nService was friendly.\n\nOverall the breakfast was a hefty meal of meat and rice and I'll be back to try some more dishes.
I'd been craving BBQ since I knew the Carnie Crew was gearing up for a field trip, and the last place I would've guessed that had it was Vegas.  Technically, this is Henderson, but it's about 10 min east of the airport.  \n\nLocated in what seems like a fairly new outdoor shopping area, Lucille's is huge and service is absolutely top notch.  The portions looked huge, so come with an appetite.\n\nI ordered a bowl of the gumbo, which had a nice, smoky roux.  The roux is usually the tell-tale sign of a good gumbo, and while it was not down-home, hole in the wall NOLA good, it was unexpectedly great.  I enjoyed it and found the ratio of shrimp, chicken and sausage to be more than adequate.  The gumbo is served over a bed of rice, so it's almost a meal in itself.  For a Yelper, though?  BRING MORE FOOD!  So, with that, I ordered the Tri Tip Plate from the kids menu, which comes with a side of fries and mac & cheese.  I stuck with the meat, which was tender, moist, and nicely smoked.  \n\nGreat place for two or groups and parking wasn't too bad.
I consider myself a foodie.    Ambiance is nice to have, but the make or break for me is food.\n\nWent here with some buddies and found the food to be decent but not amazing.   I ordered the Venison and a starter salad.   The meat was pretty tough compared to venison I had tried before.   I ordered it medium rare and it came out that way.    Salad was good (mixed greens w/candied pecans), however it could have been taken up a notch with some grated parm on top. \n\nMy friends ordered the lamb chops, buttermilk chicken and fois gras poutine.   I didn't try the first two, but they raved about it.    The fois gras poutine was delicious and I am not the biggest fois gras fan.\n\nService was great and free corkage a real plus!   \n\nFood **1/2\nService ****\nAtmosphere ***1/2
Too bad Rosatti's has jacked up their prices... I just cancelled the order to go with NYPD as even before coupon they are a much better value and NYPD is a superior pizza!
Very cute decor and great tacos! I ordered the carnitas tacos (2) and they were delicious. My son ordered the Carne asana burrito and he enjoyed it. I would definitely come back again and try something else.
I loved Albert's!!!\n\nCame here on a rainy Saturday during Salsa on St Clair. So what better to do while we wait than eat jerk chicken!?!?!?\n\nJerk chicken was made with Ox tail gravy i think because my friend ended up not being able to eat any of the chicken (i think he's got some kind of religious restriction? who know, more chicken for me!).\n\nWe ordered the jerk chicken dinner and two pieces of fried chicken. SO YUMMY!!!!! Jerk chicken was sauce and soft and a little spicy. I asked for potatoes instead of rice and they gave me A LOT of potatoes. Too many potatoes...\n\nI would definitely come here again!!!!!!!!!
I am obsessed with their chicken lettuce wraps! I usually order these (sometimes two!) as my entree with a side of rice. We've never had to wait long in line and the servers are usually very friendly!
Background:\nAs an avid leisure traveler and a seasoned business traveler, I spend about 100 nights a year in hotels all across the country. (75 % of those nights are booked on hotels.com)\n\nI'm not tough to please when it comes to accommodations as I frequently stay in a wide range of hotel types, everything from Days Inn to Ritz Carlton, so this review inst bias in anyway. \n\n\nTypically when I come to Vegas, which is at least once or twice a month, I stay at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino. I've recently decided to expand my horizons and begin trying out different hotels each time I visit. So I started with the MGM Grand. \n\nHotel: MGM Grand Hotel & Casino\nLocation: Las Vegas, Nevada\nDates: 3/25/15 - 3/27/2015\nRoom Type: Executive King Suite\nRoom #: 20206\nRoom Rates: Night 1- $202.27\n      Night 2- $148.33\nHotel Fees: $64.96\nRoom Service/ Dining:$389\nGambling: $1100\n\n\nThis particular trip happened to be a 2 year anniversary getaway for my girlfriend and I. After the short but always dreaded drive from Southern California, we arrived at the MGM. We opted to self park in the garage where finding a parking space was a breeze (to be expected mid-week). We made our way from the garage to the Lobby. After a short 5 minute wait in line, we were beckoned to the Check-In desk. As I handed over my credit card and I.D. I inquired about paying for a room upgrade. The lady at the desk said they were sold out and no upgrades were available.. No big deal.  She then proceeded to make a call to check to see if our room was cleaned and ready. After a 20 minute long wait (not exaggerated) she was finally able to confirm our room was ready and checked us in. We made our way to the West Grand Tower and proceeded to the 20th floor where our room was located. As we approached our room, the door was ajar and housekeeping was STILL cleaning our room, even though the front desk confirmed that our room was ready.. We sat in the hallway and waited for another 20 min (still not exaggerated) while they cleaned our room. After 40 minutes, we were FINALLY able to get into our room. (Longest check-In process I've ever experienced). \n\nThe room was very well cleaned and in fairly good shape, This specific room appears to be renovated within the past 5 years.\n\nPros:\nClean and Well Kept\nLarge Windows/ Good Lighting\nLarge Spacious Floor plan\nAutomated Curtains/ Blackout Drapes\nComfy Sectional Couch w/ Chaise Lounge\nLarge Work Desk\n360 degree rotating LCD TV for optimal viewing from entire room\nRefrigerator/ Mini Bar\nDual Lighted Vanity Mirrors in Bathroom\nLarge Dual Sinks in Bathroom\nShower w/ Separate Tub\nMarble Tile Throughout Bathroom\nFull Length Mirror in Hallway \nRecently Renovated\n\nCons:\nNo Bathroom Ventilation/Fans\nNo Deadbolt on door\n\n\nAs I'm writing this review I'm finding it hard to write a list of negatives about this hotel. If you are looking for a large no frills room/hotel for your Vegas getaway and base your experience on only the accommodations then this is the place for you. \n\nComing from a marketing background, I've always been a firm believer that customer service is they key to building customer/client loyalty. If people aren't satisfied with their service, they will go elsewhere.\n\nWith that being said, I cant say that I will return to the MGM in the future except to gamble or hit up Hakkasan but I would not recommend this hotel to my friends, family or colleagues simply due to the fact of the poor customer service that I experience during my stay.
Hey guys it's me Hungry Panda at it again. \n\nThis time a shorter review than usual, sorry.\n\nYou know how i always mention Love, it's because I believe Love is an ingredient in amazing food. Also in life, but thats a story for another time :)\n\nHands Down, The fried stuff the grilled stuff and idk maybe the baked stuff.. MADE WITH LOVE. If your looking for healthy, good luck finding that here, but this place makes food to make your taste buds pop. \n\nMY FAVORITE: the chicken wings, extra crispy, with the sauce on the side. I do that so that when i get my chicken wings i can still have the fresh crispy wings and not let the breading get too soft and moist. LOL! i said soft and moist, of course were talking about breading on the chicken wings, and thats a big NO NO.\n\nTHIS PLACE, PERFECT! service, food, seating, price. maybe a better bathrom but hey i can pee before i leave the house :)
Pizza with a side of salt... never really had a fantastic pizza from this place usually only ordered it due to it being the only places open late and located close bye. Pizza and cheese are extremely salty and the side are nothing to write home about. If your looking for an ok slice of pizza this might be for you.
My wife and I decided to eat here and it was the worst decision ever, I order a jumbo shrimpers net catch. I first noticed it had no sauce, and when I took the first bite, the shrimp felt dried and it tasted a bit odd, "not like Cajun" I ignored it but almost halfway I had to stopped because I was just in shocked of how flavorless it tasted. When I got up from that seat I felt a bit weird, so as I was heading towards the parking lot, it hit me, "did I just get food poisoned" next thing I know I'm on my knees puking everything. Worst place I have visited and I have never gotten food poisoning.\nThey don't deserve a single star.
The fresh spring rolls are really great here -- simple, but very fresh tasting. Perfect for a hot summer day. (However, the shrimp and pork and shredded pork versions are better than the veggie, which is a bit heavy on the tofu.) We like the various bun (vermicelli) dishes and the noodle soups, as well, but haven't explored much else. \n\nThe owner / server is quite friendly, especially if you have a baby. The cash-only part is a little annoying, but on the other hand, the prices are very cheap.
Per usual, I yelp everything before i give it a try. However, I was sorely disappointed with Bellagio's buffet. Nothing was particularly bad, its just that nothing was YUM. For $30+ a person I was expecting fairly decent food. The crab legs were super salty and everything else was bland and unmemorable. I can honestly say that I prefer the cheap Asian buffets over Bellagio's. As for the dessert selection, which could've been its saving grace since I have a major sweet tooth, it was also a huge let down. The only thing they did well was the creme brulee, hence the extra star.
Auch im August 2012 werden die Pizzen nicht kleiner. Erst als die Wagenräder auf dem Tisch waren, konnte ich das Schmunzeln der netten Bedienung verstehen, als wir zu zweit eine normale (gefühlter Durchmesser 1m) und die kleine ( immer noch 38cm )Pizza bestellten. Meine Frau schwenkte nach der Hälfte die weiße Völlereifahne, währenddessen ich mich durchrang, die ganze Pizza zu vernichten. Ohne Nachfragen wurde nach Verzehr Alufolie gereicht, um die Restpizza wohlbehalten nach Hause zu transportieren. Es empfielt sich al 18 Uhr einen Tisch vorzubestellen, am besten mit Blick auf den im Gastraum befindlichen Pizzaofen, um besagten Pizzabäcker beim Teigwirbeln zuzugucken.\nEs empfiehlt sich wirklich, sich eine Pizza zu teilen (wird professionell am Tresen gemacht) und für 50ct Aufpreis einen Leerteller zu ordern.
What an amazing place!  I decided to drive 20min from the airport into downtown - hoping to find a place to unwind.  I couldn't have been so lucky....\n\nTupelo Honey deserves every star.  Kimberly, my server, was phenomenal.  Very attentive and never intrusive.  So polite and friendly.  After a small chat, she returned promptly with my drink, the manager (Chris), and an appetizer to welcome me to Charlotte....on the house!\n\nThey know how to treat customers and more importantly, how to treat people.  My absolute best wishes of success to the team at Tupelo Honey!!!
It's an ok place but it used to be much better.  The service is hit or miss, and the food had gone down hill big time!  We used to come here a lot but after a few bad experiences with the food, we avoided Cadillac Ranch for about a year.  Last night we decided to give it another try and it was bad again.  I had the fish and chips, something that used to be good here, but it was so disappointing.  The fish was burnt and the fries were cold.  I gave them another chance, but after last night I won't be back.
The place looks really modern and chic at first glance, but when we actually went to a booth to sit down, the seats were cracked and the table was oily...\n\nThe complimentary noodle in broth was really salty.\n\nWe ordered some maki. They all tasted very shallow...Everything just tastes OK. \nThey are presented well though, so if you are into presentation and appearance of your food, you can appreciate that.
I love a good bagel, and I got a good bagel there. However, another guest was ordering and saw a massive spider crawling in the lettuce container. She decided not to eat there and when she left the staff joked that it happens all the time and what did she expect from something that grows outside. I understand that this does happen, but the spider shouldn't have made it all the way to the food line, neither should the staff have made fun of the guest for being too grossed out to eat there.
I had a beautiful Sunday brunch here with friends. I had the Bahn mi sandwich and I will definitely get it again because it's delicious. The service was fair. The space is beautiful inside and out though! I look forward to returning.
I went here twice. The first time I had an egg lox muffin which I would have given 5 stars since it hit the spot. The next time I had scrambled egg with lox and I think it had cream cheese on it which I did not like very much. This however isn't a knock on them since I am merely not a cream cheese fan and did not account for it being included. The service was very friendly as my waitress engaged me in pleasant conversation. While my last meal was still tasty it did kind of sit in my stomach for sometime after. Again though I don't really fault the establishment as smoked salmon can have that effect on me. This place gets a strong 4-star rating from me. I can see myself enjoying this kind of meal more in colder weather perhaps.
Just okay but consumer beware your car might get towed at this spot! Sucks and personally not worth the meal. I would much rather hit Gallo Blanco or Las Santisima Up if you want delicious food and zero hassle/ stress.
My fiancee and I love sushi so we're very exited to see new sushi restaurant in our area. Unfortunately this place brought more disappointment then joy. Food was pretty average, service was slow, all thought restaurant was half empty. My fiancee was drinking Sprite but server refill his glass with water, we had to ask 3 times for more ginger and wasabi, just little things that make you very annoyed and wanting to never go back. I hope that owner of this place will hire better employees or help existing employees work on their customer service skills. I would hate to see such a beautiful restaurant in such a great location to go out of business because of poor service.
One of my favorite locals spots on a Monday night for beer pong and wings. Patio bartender is one of my new favorite peeps.
First! The bread here is AWESOME! ... Made a reservation for Valentines Dinner and as soon as we showed up were seated. They had a Valentine's prefixed menu but we're also serving the regular menu as well so that was good. We orders the crab cakes and the shrimp cocktail. The cocktail was pretty basic with nothing special about it. The crab cakes were really good but if you order them make sure the order extra sauce with them cause it doesn't come with enough on the plate. For entrees we had the signature Shrimp George and I had the recommended Pot Roast. The shrimp entree was amazing with a lot of flavor. The pot roast was also really good but heavy and rich as pot roast is. After the apps, bread and heave meal there was no room for desert. It's located in a very odd place in downtown Las Vegas next to a pizza place and a biker bar so if you find your self trying to find it and are surrounded by drunks getting pizza and bikers you are probably in the right place. You can valet at the grand hotel and the restaurant will validate your valet ticket. I would of given this place a 5 star except there were 2 big parties (one on each end of the room) that were so loud and obnoxious they were were ruining our experience. Hope this helps . Enjoy!
This is one of my bookmarked placed I wish I had tried earlier. On a lunch visit, I started with a mild and refreshing order of silken tofu; this was followed by a chicken katsu bentoholic - a bento lunch with chicken katsu, rice, salad, a side (cucumber salad was my choice), miso soup, and a sushi roll (I chose spicy tuna); it was an excellent assortment and quite a generous amount of food. \n\nOn a happy hour visit, I had a calamari tempura; these came not as standard rings but as big tasty strips of panko-crusted squid. This was followed by a spicy salmon roll and shrimp nigiri; hot sake perfectly complemented the cool happy hour bites. \n\nDining and happy hour pleasure factor was enhanced by the relaxed, casual atmosphere and friendly service. And you have to love a sushi restaurant that not only serves really good sushi bar food but also has happy hour from 2 pm to 8 pm, immediately followed by reverse happy hour that lasts till closing time.
We were really excited to have a new restaurant in Mesa. It was a huge disappointment. We knew it was a "concept" restaurant-cooking your own steak on a hot stone at the table, but figured we would give it a try.\n\nWe were seated and it took our server 20 minutes to acknowledge us. It was busy, so we decided to order drinks and our meal at the same time. \n\nWe were brought bread while we waited. It's a good thing as it took 45 minutes for our raw steak to arrive.\n\nThe server brought our steaks and stones to the table. He proceeded to cut (butcher) our steaks into strips to facilitate the cooking. He wasn't even using a steak knife. When we asked why it took so long to be served he said it was because they didn't have enough hot sones because they were so busy.\n\nAfter about 15 minutes it was clear our stones were not hot enough to cook our steaks appropriately. We flagged down our server and asked for to go boxes. He didn't ask why, but we told him our stones weren't hot enough and we would take the steaks home to cook them there. He did say he could bring us new hotter stones. We declined.\n\nThe steaks were pricey-$28 each. We wouldn't have minded had the service been better. \n\nWe won't be back.
Good shit. \n\nIf you eat chicken of beef plates. This place is the shit. \nThe only rule: BRING CASH.\n\nYour ass will get a boatload more than you're already getting. \n\nMost people get a plate which is 9$ and it will fill you up guaranteed.
My friend recommend this spot. It was very family style themed restaurant. The owner I believe she was very nice and helpful.
Glad to see this spot (formally Central Bistro) open up again..a little more low key then most places on Camelback..it has a great vibe with a good happy hour. I will still never understand a new place that doesn't ask "Have you been here before?" but that is just me railing against the machine. \n\nIt will become a regular spot on my rotation.
meh.  steak is not usually a 'good deal' at a restaurant, so I set the bar high.  neither was the steak perfect, nor the atmosphere 'wonderful' nor the service 'great', it was all just 'okay'. and rather expensive
Chutney !!!\nChicken Tikka !!!\n\nChutney !!!\nChutney !!!\n\n:) \n\n\nOne of the better Indian food places in the valley... lavish enough to sit and pass time (family or friends)... Except for items above, nothing happens to be very great as such but overall nothing happens to be bad too... \n\nOhh yeah.. and one more thing...\n\nChutney !!!\nChutney !!!
When we're in any city, let alone Vegas, we try to make it to an Irish bar. We've always had a good time at Hennessey's. During St. Patrick's day a few years ago they had a great Irish band, drinks & atmosphere were lively. We usually get there in April anymore & with the nice weather, we love a few drinks on the front patio. Looking forward to making it there again this year. Slainte'.
My mom and I were going to an event Friday night, and wanted a nice bite to eat beforehand somewhere close. A quick Yelp search brought up Sugo, so we gave it a shot. Given that it was early evening, the place was pretty dead when we arrived but by the time we were left it had picked up quite a bit! The space is gorgeous, although the floors are not exactly heel-friendly (almost took a spill walking to & from the bathroom!).\n\nWe were seated and had a very cute waiter, who I think might have been new, given the quality of service we received. The menu changes slightly everyday, which I sort of like, because everything was so fresh. What I don't like is their little disclaimer on the bottom of the menu re: splitting the bill. I completely understand that policy, but didn't like the way it was worded. Found that quite rude, and will keep that in mind for group dinners. \n\nWe ordered a small cheese plate to start, one of which was recommended by said cute waiter, and I was very impressed because it was exactly the kind of cheese I wanted! It came with a nice side of pickled veggies (but no pickles - odd) and a little bit of duck breast. We also ordered oysters, which were good, but not the best I've had. I had the Spaghetti with Prawns & Clams and my mom had the Gnocchi with Veal Medallion. Both of our entrees were absolutely delicious! We found them to be somewhat small portions, but I was glad for that, because we were just SO full after the appies and cheese (not to mention the bread that comes with the table, mmm!).  We skipped the dessert because we were stuffed, although I wish I hadn't - seeing as how I love creme brulee - and it's mentioned in previous reviews!\n\nIt was a very nice experience, even though our waiter did tend to 'forget' about us on occasion, and it is on the pricey side. I also wasn't a big fan of the bathroom - it seems trivial but the hallway where it's located was dark and there was no signage - making for an awkward trip to the girls room. All in all, it was a good experience, but I'm not sure it's one I would rush back for.
I cannot describe how much I love brunch and breakfast food and Short Stack definitely hits the spot. Located near the Capitol, I would have loved to been a student at UW and frequent Short Stack. Visited there with colleagues twice last month. The first time was for dinner ( so wonderful they open for dinner!), there wasn't much of a wait and I decided to give the blind special a try. I ended up with the Cajun Biscuit and Gravy. Went a second time but weekend brunch instead and had the sweet potato oatmeal pancakes with mixed greens and breakfast potato (trio). The wait was about 25 min which wasn't too bad. The Cajun biscuit was good but I loved the pancakes! Portions for the pancakes are pretty reasonable. The wait can be long and it can be loud inside with the crowd, so bring your patience.
Great tasting food!\n\nLa Cabana has a fun, bright & comfortable atmosphere. Tucked away in a corner of a business park, the parking is tight!\nI was there with the guys from work for lunch (7 total) and seated promptly. The chips were freshly made and the salsa was very tasty you will get a second serving quickly.\nI had the chicken chimichanga enchilada style and it was fantastic, what set it apart was the meat was seasoned well or marinated beforehand.\nMy drink was refilled without having to ask (always a plus).\nThe only bad thing was waiting for service/check at the end we were not told to pay up front on the way out so we sat for a little while confused. \nI would definitely go back!
Found this little gem thanks to Yelp. My hubby ordered the Pull Pork sandwich it was delicious. I ordered the ribs, they were so good we ordered more! We arrived during the lunch hour rush, service was fast.
I like Lux too.\n\n(for more detail read the 50-some odd other reviews. Didn't wanna be redundant.)
Great place for Chinese food! It's a big restaurant and they are always busy. So I highly recommend making reservations. Also a great place for take out. We usually order fried rice, a noodle dish, one of their congees, a veggie dish along with a meat dish. They have a lot of offerings and everything I've had is delicious. Great portions and dishes are not too oily. Their chili oil is not spicy but very tasty.
One of the best restaurants I have ever been to. The Chilean sea bass is tops on the list of things to get. Everything else is amazing as well. Make sure you stop by and enjoy the amazing food, scenery and staff.
I have been to most burger priest's and have been very satisfied with the food.  A few weeks ago I came to this one and ordered a priest with fries. I took it to go as this location is quite small and very busy.  After a few bites I found a long hair in my burger.  It really grossed me out.  I didn't want to make fuss so I didn't go back.  It definitely was not my hair because it is very short.
The chain seafood is not very good and the service at this particular location is always slow even if the place is practically empty also this location always has a not so nice smell I don't recommend it but there aren't that many choices in Gastonia.
It's tough to find an all you can eat sushi place that is fairly priced for a-la-carte as well. The rolls came out fresh and fast! The server was attentive and friendly and kept our waters fresh even after the bill was paid. \nWe have tested at least 7 other sushi spots in the area... we will definitely return here.
Was surprised and Happy when this location opened recently.  In the past few mo this I have been there a handful of times and always sit at the bar.  This is a great place to watch a game, as we were there for MNF.  Our drinks were never empty, and the bartenders and servers were all fun and happy.  He gaming is also very good here.  I've never walked out with less money than when I walked in!  Ownership is very friendly and definitely takes care of their regulars.  Nicole, Sumi, Taylor,  are all awesome!  Whenever I am back in town, I will always stop in a few times to eat and have a few cocktails.  Perfect neighborhood bar.
Food was amazing! The staff needs to not be gossiping behind the counter when there are people waiting to order. Other than that, we got our food quickly (wasn't crowded) and the chicken and waffle was probably the best I've had around. They were sweeping around our table as we were eating-not cool.
We must have came during an off day. Only party there but service was very slow. Decent food but a little pricey and all portions
I have to update my earlier review because I've become a regular of this place, and quite a fan!  \n\nThis is still not your 'Bay Area' Chinese restaurant, but given the location and demographics, you aren't going to get that here in Scottsdale and I accept that now.  I've settled on several good dishes, and the place is always crowded and lively these days (I was new to the area back in July 2009 when I first visited - I guess I should be amazed that they were even still open at 9pm, at that time of the year!).  \n\nSeveral of the dishes are really enjoyable - the bacon / prawn dish is good, and the steamed fish with ginger is outstanding. I've started to explore a few of their "Thai" variants, and they seem to be doing a good job of those.  I love the fact that the place is always busy and lively (though the acoustics are a bit challenging, with shiny concrete floor, glass walls, hard-wooden chairs, etc - some hanging fabrics would help I'm sure ... ).
Loved this place came with my baby due to a Groupon deal. Waiter was super nice and friendly. Ordered 4 rolls and edamame. It was all delicious. No bad experience other than parking have to park on the side but once u figure parking out it was a great place. Will def come back
I tried the mix berry and grapefruit ones, the berry tasted too artificial and the grapefruit tasted like orange....the only upside is their toppings, a lot of choices and fresh but I won't go back again, I prefer more natural flavoring so I can taste more yogurt.
Very good restaurant and good prices. I come here a lot especially for their lunch specials. Very friendly staff with high-end decorations and atmosphere for low prices.
I was craving Indian food, and this is right across the street from my hotel. I ordered the two combo meal with channa marsala, chicken balti marsala, rice, and naan.\n\nI was so disappointed. There was spice to the dishes, but they were bland. The naan was stale.\n\nThey were speedy when it came to service, but I will not eat here again.
Pancho's is The Best!! The food is amazing, the service is great and quick. My family loves to go here for lunch and Dinner. The portions are just perfect and not too pricey, which can be a bummer with vegan food. The place is clean and the tamales are fantastic. We love it
Green curry and Pad Thai are awesome. Friendly staff. The $1 per person BYOB is definitely a great deal. Dinner for two with an appetizer was less than $40. Will be back for sure.
Came on a Friday night. Waited in line for 25 minutes because they only had one person working the register. When we finally placed our order, we couldn't sit down because every open table hadn't been cleaned off and there was trash everywhere. It took quite some time for our food to come out. The table next to us got the wrong food twice. \n\nWhen they food finally arrived, it wasn't bad! I ordered the create your own burger. It was cooked well and juice. They have beef, turkey, and black bean options for the meat. Regular, whole wheat, and gluten free buns. You can add a variety of free toppings and upgrades toppings.
Wanted have dinner with a group of friends \nAnd the decor of this restaurant is too cute \nLove all the colors and claw salt & pepper \nshaker. \nMust try their mojitos \n\nWe had the following:\n1. Fried calamari : average \n2. Fisher burger : not good and soggy fries \n3. Ahi salad was really good \n4. Mussel & claim combo was good \n5. Shrimp & avocado salad  \nOverall will definitely come back again and try some other dishes
Disappointing.  For the price you pay, go to GEN instead.  Not many options for all you can eat.  Meat quality was bad and tasted horrible, the kim chi and sides tasted horrible, soups were tasteless so we didn't even bother.  We came for dinner and was the only family there, no wonder.
I've known about Tamari for awhile, and I think this review is long overdue!\n\nTamari is located in the 3500 block of Butler street in Lawrenceville and sprang up as an early part of the rebirth and rebuilding of the large Northeast neighborhood of Pittsburgh. It's located among the new restaurants, shops, and boutiques. My understanding is that it's been around for almost 1/2 dozen years, circa Mid-2009. \n\nParking is available on both sides of the street, and on side streets, but you'll want to give yourself some extra time before your reservation. There's no valet service, which disappointing because other neighboring restaurants offer it.\n\nI'm sure the courtyard in the front of the restaurant is popular during nicer weather!  The hostess was very friendly and took our coats. We sat upstairs and I liked how they had a few tables sprinkled in stairwells and in the nooks and crannies of the building. It was a unique space with copper and dark woods.\n\nThe menu is immense and offers a great variety of foods to sample. We had a hard time deciding what to eat because we wanted to try everything.\n\nWe had the chips and guac which was fairly standard, but the fresh jalapeños were delicious. We also had the pork belly which was fantastic! I've had pork belly all over the city, but I've never enjoyed it as much as here. Tamari cuts their pork belly thicker, and so in addition to that super fatty tasty softness, you get some great texture and delicious meatiness as well. It was great!\n\nNext, we had their Robata Sampler served with three sauces: chimichurri, teriyaki, and ponzu butter. All the sauces were great but the ponzu butter was the standout. Ponzu means "vinegar punch" in Japanese. It was rich and savory and was a great accompaniment to the food-on-a-stick usually cooked slowly over charcoal which is Robatayaki(robata). The two-or-three morsels on each stick were chicken, steak, bacon and quail egg (delicious!), eggplant, salmon, eggplant, salmon, and King Trumpet mushrooms. Everything but the mushrooms were very good. Despite usually enjoying mushrooms, the texture and overall chewiness of the 'shrooms turned me off.\n\nThe specialty tokubetsu maki was some of the best sushi we've had, although I'd admit after a few cocktails and martinis that I can't for the life of me remember what was in it. But it was also delicious, and we eat maki rolls regularly.\n\nWe chose the Bulgagi (6oz beef tenderloin with potato croquettes) and the crab cakes. The potato croquettes were great! Crunchy on the outside, soft in the middle, absolutely great meat and potato dish! The meat was tender, great flavor, and even a hint of sweetness. The spicy crab cakes were served with a chili-oil based aioli called rayu.\n\nThe Bulgagi was initially undercooked, delivered rare instead of medium, but the problem was quickly rectified without hesitation or delay.\n\nWe finished the night with the peanut butter and jelly Crème brûlée which was fun and tasty. The churros were thick, again with great texture contrasts, and really were a perfect finish for the night.\n\nTwo things strike me about Tamari:\n\n1. The seasoning on everything was aggressive. The kitchen cooked without fear, and cooked with confidence. There was no lack of flavor in any single bite. Nothing was bland or boring.\n\n2. Despite having been around for around six years, Tamari still hasn't lost the passion in food or service. Adrianne(sp?) did a great job. When restaurants start off well, it seems easy enough for them to rest on their laurels.\n\nI'm very happy to see that Tamari isn't one of them. We'll be back!\n\nHighly Recommended.
Of the three Hero Burger locations I've been to (Yonge Street, First Canadian Place food court & Queen Street West), this is the one that's given me the least trouble. My order is always right and the food is consistently decent. So as far as Hero Burger visits goes, this is the location I reach for most often, and the first addition to My Decemburger list.\n\nI ordered my usual (Soul Burger Combo) today with avocado, goat cheese (essential on a burger - seriously, try it!) and fries, and everything was great. My only suggestion would be to throw some lemon juice into the avocado because at 9pm it was looking kinda grey. There are free, self-serve drink refills. \n\nAs is the case with most Hero Burger locations, the washrooms are very, very scary. Hey, at least that's consistent, right?
First time here.   Called in an order.  Lady was semi rude on phone.   But thought maybe they're busy.     She tells me it'll be ready in 20 minutes.   I show up 25 minutes later.  And it's still not ready.  I'm thinking okay..  I can understand,  maybe they messed up the food or whatever.     I'm writing this at 40 minutes after I called,(15 min sitting down waiting).   There are only 3 tables and the ladies aren't even checking on me or apologizing.   Regardless of how good the food is.  Never coming back.\n\nUPDATE : 30 min after arriving I finally receive my food.   No sorry or anything.  Absolutely ludicrous!!i could of cooked pad Thai myself faster and cheaper.  Pissed.
This is one of the worst sushi places i have been to. Fish quality is rerrible,  its all stringy,  all the dishes are almost unedible,  rolls are dry and all the ingredients are garbage. Service is slow and bad. Soy sauce is weird. Overall this place should be closed down
Great meal.  Went for a friends bday and made a quiet comment about the birthday girl.  More on this in a sec.  The bone in rib-eye was great.  Wonderful natural flavor.  Friend had the lobster, it was great.  When I asked for the bill, the crew had brought out a dessert for the birthday girl and 4 ice cream sandwiches on the house.  Such great service all from the quick and quiet comment I made.  Water service was amazing.  Never got less than 2/3 full.  Would definitely go again.
OXTAIL SOUP.! \n\nI've been coming here since I've been little...located at THE CAL for all you Locals out there :) \nWhenever we drive down to vegas, my family & I ALWAYS come to THE CAL to get some oxtail soup. My parents usually get it & I just get the late night breakfast. But the oxtail soup is bomb[d0t]com.! I personally like it, & for those who don't.. then they don't.. It's up to you if you would like to try it or not. \n\nIf you're not craving soup, get the saimen :)
Every time we go to AZ, we go to Ingo's. This place can't be beat--burgers, sangria, and homemade chips. You gotta go!
If you enjoy a good donut, Bosa Dounuts goes on your list!\nTasty, great selection, very busy but friendly customer service.
for a Humpday night treat with a three year old it was a pleasant place to eat.. if you are a Bison fan, which mean you eat meat, this place has some great treats.. we all ordered from the Prix Fixe menu i had, Joues de Bison - Slow-braised, bacon-crusted bison cheeks w/ maple braising jus, heirloom tomato salad & corn fritters, this went well with the bison barley soup with big chunks of beefy barley in a well rendered stock that had  the sweetness of a rich red wine. my wifey partial to quail eggs had Perche Jaune - Potato-crusted Lake Huron yellow perch filet with haricots verts, heirloom tomatos, nicoice olives, capers, soft-boiled quail egg and an anchovy-dijon vinaigrette,\nher appitizer of pate was a little too smooth as she prefers a firmer pate, however with the bread and extra crisps that were supplied i made a meal of it.\n\ntheir desserts were wonderfully classic, creme brulee with the custard still warm, and the sugar caramalized and crispy, my chocolate flouorless cake with vanilla icecream and pralines was eaten by my three year old. and he loved it..\n\n for my 3 year old we ordered him a chicken breast a la carte and they charged us $20 for it was basically, Poulet Bonne Maman - Juicy free-range & organic chicken breast w/ roast fingerlings, vegetables, zesty onion-red peppercorn compôte & black currant-raspberry jus ,without the roast fingerlings, vegetables, zesty onion-red peppercorn compôte & black currant-raspberry jus.\n we should have asked the price first.\n\nthe new waitress was pleasant, and there were only two people staffing the restaurant. it seemed like there were a lot of repeat clients there that night, as it has a lovely street front patio in front of a car filled with dirt and plants.\n\nover all a charming bohemian experience complete with absinthe.\n\nother than the $20 chicken breast it was a great hump day restaurant
Our favorite place away from home. We barely leave the hotel! We travel constantly for work and fun but we keep finding ourselves here. We love the King Tower Suite and are currently planning our 20 year anniversary there in October. It's relaxing and in a perfect location to go out! Great restaurants and entertainment.
Authentic wood fired pizza and Italian food! The restaurant is somewhat unassuming, dark, not a lot of photos of sun bleached plazas or gondolas on the walls. The hours were odd, we had to wait as they close from 3pm-5pm. There is a small patio on the street. The background music was pretty good rock n roll but personally I prefer ethnic music- at least Dean Martin crooning Vallaré. We ordered an appetizer, mussels and calamari, cooked perfectly in (I think) white wine with a touch of marinara. The mussels were plump but light and the calamari was not rubbery. We ordered American beer- Budweiser, sorry, should have gotten a proper red wine, they have an excellent wine list, several Italian beirs, not a full bar but some mixed drinks available. The pizza was amazing! Prosciutto with mozzarella, marinara, red peppers and a shaved hard white cheese- not Parmesan. Wood fired pizza is the best! The crust is perfect! The ingredients are cooked as they should be. We ordered Zeppo for desert which was deep fried pizza dough in powdered sugar. Pizza dough has a lot of gluten- perfect for pizza- not zeppo! One should use cake flour- less gluten, lighter. This is a downtown Glendale gem! Enjoy
Went there once to watch Big Ten Football, didn't like the nachos.  I went back a second time and got very poor service along with not so good a burger.  But I gave it a 3rd visit, and that will be my last.  The food is bad the service is bad and the place needs alot of work inside to improve its look from the 50's.  Sorry Max, but 3 strikes and you are out.
Decided to try Al's Pizza.  A friend told me that it was pretty good.  We picked up a 14" Al's Special Pizza and it was all right, a little bland for me.  I wish the sauce was a little spicier.  Also tried the Greek Salad and that was pretty good.  You get quite a lot for the Greek Salad for One.
Second time here during spring training. Fantastic. I had chorizo stuffed pork loins that were great. Mule margarita was different and great. Wife had parm ckn spinach salad and I tried that too -- another winner.
I came in for a quick lunch and was pleasantly surprised to see a very clean store with a friendly face greeting me at the register. The order was delivered to my booth as I was waiting only minutes.\nI appreciate the atmosphere not to mention the men's room was clean.\nThank you for a cool place to sit and eat my lunch.
I thought that Cafe Lago would've been amazing because it's in Caesar's Palace, but no. We all had maybe one plate and were done. The crab legs weren't cut in half so it took forever to crack each leg individually. I know, I'm lazy.. But hey, if the lower end buffets are offering it, you think they would as well!\n\nWaste of money, waste of time. Will not go back.
Stopped by for some pho on this cold night!! The pho here is pretty good, the flank meat is very good, but the steak pho is beyond horrible, tough and chewy and not good. The meatballs and flank steak were all really good though!! So my recommendation is to get the combination without steak. The atmosphere is good with good music but I felt like I was in a high school locker room with the waitresses talking and gossiping together...they were talking pretty loud about their trips coming up and their boyfriends...obviously a place I could never take my parents to even they have been looking for a pho place. Not professional environment at all...food is solid 4 stars and the gossip makes the environment 2 stars...
Popped in here to pick up some naan and rice to pad out an Indian dinner with some friends. First, they don't do naan, but they have a whole-wheat thing that's a lot like it. Paneer pakora looks delicious: order it. \n\nThey tell us it'll be 10 minutes, wait 15 and then ask about an ETA; they say 10 more minutes because they're waiting in the bread, but the pakora is done so it's sitting under a hot light in the back, yum. 15 minutes later it's actually done. \n\nLong story short, waited half an hour for rice and two orders of bread. Also, the bread was kind of not good. Good paneer pakora though. \n\nWouldn't recommend. Try Delhi Palace.
Worst lobster place I had, lobster Mac and cheese was very dry. The lobster roll was okay..Clam chowder from a can taste better then there's!  That's about it. The end
I ordered an 8 Foot Italian Hero. It was delicious, very affordable and the owner personally delivered to my house at no charge. All my quests were impressed with the hero. Everyone loved it.
So I used to go here for weekend breakfast.\n\nI have eaten their Chana Bhatura, Pao bhaji, Thaali, Chai, Pakoras, Tikkas etc.\n\nEvery time I go, their servers have a very disappointing look on their faces. They don't appear friendly and professional.\n\nOne time (my last time) I asked for server to take my order for Chai, he told me that he would return in a minute to take my order and then he never came back.\n\nI wanted 15 min. looking around in a hope to see him and order for some more food. But they lost the business.\n\nSince then, I haven't gone to this place again.\n\nPros: Tasty food!! No doubts\nCons: Pathetic service. No care for customer\n\nWould I recommend this place? No Way!!
I'm torn on if this should be a 3 star for me but honestly? I want to be impressed, but I just wasn't. My husband took me her for Valentines Day because the Lon's at the Hermosa (our favorite) was booked. Our waiter wasn't very good although he caught himself it seemed. I just figured he must not have a high respect for women due to his age and accent. Im not going to pick this review all apart but I did like the lady who sold us our bottle of wine and I liked my orange roughie. The balloons on the ceiling looked tacky and would have looked nicer if a curly string was at least attached. It was just a bad valentine decor, bad valet, bad service but great wine. It was my first time and I'm sure my last. I'm really disappointed and wouldn't ever recommend this restaurant.
Best. Brew pub. Ever. The new space rocks! Great patio area. Oh yeah...the great beer doesn't hurt either.  :)
There are other places.  Food is mediocre. Service is awful.  Prices are higher than they should.  Go somewhere else
Great Steaks, Wonderful Staff!!!!  Can't wait to go back.  The entire experience was delightful.  By far, the best steak that I have ever had.
Terrible service. Food are ok but I will NOT go back here as their customer service sucks big time! Servers are rude especially that asian guy who told us to move to the other side of the table (we were only 3) because the side of the table we sat on was for 4 people but before seating on that table the other server told us that its ok to seat there so we did that but then few minutes later this rude server guy told us that we had to move. So annoying and rude. Never again Khao San Road.
Super slow service. What, no bahn mi????  Wanted a quick light lunch. Ended up spending over a hour waiting for food. Food was meh. Don't understand the reviews.
This place is the best kind of hole-in-the-wall. As a Middle Easterner in Charlotte, I was thrilled that my friend brought me here. Don't be afraid of the lack of glamour--this place has heart and the food is cooked with lots of love and clearly cherished recipes. This is authentic Middle Eastern food with hard working staff and chefs who were so kind. \n\nThe flavors of the food were impeccable....shout out to the tabbouli (so fresh) and the richness of the way they prepare all of their meats. The portions are substantial. I would love to try some of their Friday specials sometime. I highly recommend the meat pies. I had plenty of food to bring home, and I know I'll be visiting again when I need my fix of Middle Eastern food.
FOOD - 4.5/5\nWe ordered the cheese dakgalbi for 2 and an additional 2 bowls of rice which came up to only $30 in total! Before our main dish arrived, we were given each a set of banchan which included spicy macaroni, creamy corn, and pickled radish. The creamy corn was my favourite. It was so light yet so indulgent. As for the main dish, dakgalbi is essentially Korean spicy stir fried chicken with veggies such as cabbage and carrots in a gochujang based sauce. The pan was placed on a gas burner at our table and the chicken was topped with cheese. My favourite part of the dish was the rice cakes. I immediately fell in love with its gooey and chewy texture combined with the sweet and spicy sauce. I loved every aspect of the dish and it paired very well with our steamed rice. At the end of the meal you also get a FREE red bean ice dessert which really helped cool things off. (Only offered during dinner)\n\nSERVICE 5/5\nThe server was extremely kind and explained to us the various menu offerings. I really loved their courtesy and patience when we had questions. \n\nOVERALL - 5/5\nThis was probably one of my favourite places to have a great meal in K-town without breaking the bank.
**This review is for beer only**\n\nI had some time to kill so I popped in here for a few beers. I am glad I did. It was a week day around 2:30 so it was obviously slow and I sat at the bar. The bartender was very friendly and helpful. I love the options of getting 4, 10 and 16 oz. pours on your beers.\n\nI tried a variety and they were all very good. My favorite was the White Chocolate and their original red ale, it tasted like a chocolate covered cherry almost, absolutely delicious. I did enjoy the stout as well. Really, nothing I tried was bad. I had to cut myself off from trying too many, they were all that good.\n\nService was great, beer was cheap and tasty, definitely give this spot a go.
20 years been going to this place it was such a nice place now it is a rundown dump. fighting in the parking lot. screaming with loud conversations with customers and staff it is just turn into a dump a total dump. Maybe that's part of the reason the food taste so bad now, environment.
Worst experience ever, made a reservation for 12:30 and had to wait extra 45 min to seat down and the food was mediocre, very bad hospitality and rude hostest, management did not do anything too. Do not eat at this place
Excellent visit this Sunday. Thanks the new lasagna was amazing and our server Jessi was super. We I'll be back.
We are coming to this place since we moved to Phoenix last year. It's has become our go-to place for Thai food. Food are delectable and yum. My personal favorite is Penang Curry, Green Curry and Red Curry. My wife loves Thai Iced Coffee. I will also recommend Chicken Satay. \n\nI feel Pad Thai needs improvement.
I have to say, I'm surprised by how much I've enjoyed eating at the Buffet at the Hilton. We had brunch there on Mother's Day and dinner there last night. The brunch was actually VERY good and the dinner was average/good, so 4 stars seems about right as an average :-)\n\nThis is not a buffet to go out of your way for. But if you're in the neighborhood (convention center, Sahara, Riviera, etc) or staying on-property, it's definitely worth checking out. Prices are more than fair. We paid $19.95 pp for dinner which included unlimited beer/wine (tips appreciated of course!). This is a great value. And the food is good - not trendy, but plenty of options to eat as healthy or badly as you desire! Nice display of grilled meats and veggies at the back. Pasta to order, etc.\n\nService was great at brunch and so-so at dinner. And for you sports nuts, the buffet is adjacent to the large sports book and fan cave.
Late night on a Saturday. Oh, it's actually early morning. It's 1 in the AM to be exactly. I got a Moscow mule and a cauliflower burger. For some reason, they don't taste as great at this hour. But it's great to have this place at this hour. This 24-hour concept might work. It's not NYC but it can be someday.
Seriously some of the best fast food mexican stops around. I'm from California and they don't have many Roberto's around here but I wish they did. Yes the food is a bit greasy and yes they mess up my order from time to time but it just taste so good. Their super nachos are the best I've ever had anywhere. Try their super nancho with carnitas and hold the beans. Their even open 24 hours a day!
Delicious! Been here a few times and it's always consistent. Service is fantastic. Usually go for the lunch buffet and everything is usually very fresh. Highly recommend this spot!!
Hot dog was so so at best. Atmosphere was definitely vintage. Neat place & people. But more for a late night drunken food.
Ate here after seeing The Beatles LOVE show. We were starving. I looked at the prices (whew!) and reminded myself I was in Vegas AND I was starving AND I couldn't imagine walking any further to look for something else to eat.\n\nMr. N had the Kobe beef burger. He said it was the best burger he has ever had. (He often exaggerates). \n\nI had the Stripper burger. Basically everything but the bun. My was also good. \n\nService was sketchy - but they were also really busy.\n\nAll in all, a good burger if you don't mind paying for overpriced food.
I come by this place whenever I'm in the area.  The subs are great and George is great guy.  I get the BLT with double meat and its a hundred times better than Subway.\nDefinitely worth it!!
Food 4 star, ambiance 3 star, service 1 star. The good-our steaks were very tender and cooked exactly as we ordered. Restaurant ambiance is typical for steakhouse. The bad- our server Jennifer looked and spoke like she is annoyed and she'd rather be somewhere else. I expect better service if my bill before tax was $225 for 4 diners before tax and tip. I would not recommend.
The menus for a simple with not a lot of choices which makes it really nice IA like the chicken rice and I like the soup to and they're dipping sauces are a very good
Just like many hot brunch restaurant in Toronto they did not take reservations. We did not wait longer than 15 minutes to get a seat which was pretty reasonable. I personally did not like the kiddy tables that we were seated on at the back of the resto. I get it was "cool" but along with the place being busy and so crowed to the point the waiter kept bumping and dropping stuff on the floor the mini tables and seats made my eating experience a bit uncomfortable. \nThey had a good selection of interesting items to choose from the menu. I couldn't make up my mind as they all seemed so good! I ended up getting the Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict.\nEverything was delicious including my champagne pineapple mimosa! There secret green hollandaise sauce was alight but still good :P (sorry!) it tasted like regular hollandaise sauce lol\nThe saucy home fires were good mmm. I think I over ate them because I couldn't stop eating. It was a hardy brunch which resulted in me napping soon after LOL.\nOh! And my waiter looked like Rollo Lothbrok from Vikings :D
My husband I come to this location at least 4-6 times a year.  Their signature smoked sirloin and house dressing are so delicious! The staff is always accommodating and the meals are pretty large and affordable.
I overly enjoyed myself. So much to choose from but decided on the wedge salad and blue cheese steak. Oh and let's not forget the smoking goblet drink. Will return no doubt.
My family and I went there last Sunday and enjoyed the experience.  The food was great, the service was good and the atmosphere nice.  My wife and I both had combination plates while our kids ordered from the children menu.   The food came out in a timely manner, was hot and tested great.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone and will be back.
I wish I would have taken a picture of the two very delicious dishes we had tonight. We were fighting over the butternut ravioli to die for and the pork tenderloin in a fluffy pastry with porcini mushroom sauce, yummy!! Sooooo authentic and hands down the best Italian food in town!! I almost hate to tell the whole east valley about this little gem because I want to be sure I can get in as often as I would like, but it's to good not to brag about.
let me start out by saying the amount of food they give you is awesome! the food is good and its not that expensive. there aren't too many places I go to and don't finish my plate. I seriously took a whole plate home (plus i don't typically eat leftovers) and ate the rest later that night. It was nice and clean and the atmosphere was nice. there was a birthday party going on so everyone was pretty chipper, they sang the birthday song. lol i was kind of excited too. \n\nNow here comes the bad part  (Idk why I've been having all these bad experiences....) for whatever reason the waitress was MIA the whole time we were there other than when she brought the food out. She didn't check up on us but maybe 1 time. Another waitress brought me soda then she came like 15mins later with a soda and had an attitude with me..i'm like but where have u been? lol it was not crowded in there and there were plenty of staff to assist. \n\nBut hey I left with a full stomach anyway. lol
I love Fair Trade for the studying space, the people and the sandwiches, unfortunately  not for the coffee. If you are looking for a place to get some work done and eat a snack with some iced tea - I highly recommend it.
I've been wanting to review this place for quite some time.  Beautiful interior, attentive wait staff, delicious food.  While it's definitely on the expensive side, it's an experience.  As everyone else, I enjoy the slaw a lot as well.  Fresh cilantro, delicious
Amazing food!\n\nThis is by far my favorite sushi joint in MTL. Food is creative and always very very fresh.\nGiving it a 5star because I have yet to find a sushi spot in MTL that is Better. \nIt is however VERY pricey. But for sushi I find spending a little more is worth it the freshness. \n\nThe atmosphere in the restaurant is nice, however the lighting is very bright.. i find this to be a similar trend to a lot of asian themed restaurants in MTL. They should dim the lights for better vibe.\n\nBonuses from this spot: they deliver locally!! And the japonese dunplings are absolutely amazing.. oh.. and its Bring your own wine to boot!
I wanna hate this place, I really do.  From the sappy tired "farmhouse" decor on the inside with wall to wall oak to the hoard of "east valleyites" who talked about this place for months before it opened.  I was sure this place was all misplaced hype.  \n\nThat was until I tried the turkey bacon avocado on their baguette bread.  Hands down best turkey sandwich in town.  \n\nTheir soups are average at best which negates a fifth star.  But that sandwich, oh that sandwich.
Threw away $80 dollars of food. The food tasted like it was on the verge of spoilage.  How do you mess up fried rice?
Showed up with my family and waited 5 min with no lineup and unfortunately no staff to great us, k\nWent over to the bar and found the only person around who was working and again unfortunately she said seat yourself, k\nWe took a seat and again waited 5 min, with the 2 guys making pizza and no Waite staff, k. Now that's what I call a totally F$&@ing bad experience. So owner do you think that was K??!!
This diner is a classic and it never disappoints. Every person who comes to town I make sure that they stop here for the family atmosphere, fast service, and delicious food.
The Gladly located right in the heart of Biltmore area - the restaurant is right on Camelback with great views of area from any seat in the restaurant.  If you are not from area parking could be difficult, but park behind building and enter through main building on west side of building - small entrance just to the left once coming in.  Super cute trendy restaurant.  Came in for Happy Hour right before a show not too far away, at 5pm Happy Hour in the bar is already busy so get there early.\n\nFood;  The Original Chopped salad is to die for, and a must try. Highly recommend, plus perfect for sharing. My all time favorite was the roasted brussel sprouts, I honestly could have sat and ate them all night. Also, tried to drink special of the day, which I couldn't tell you what was in it, it was a bit tart but refreshing. \n\nService;  While Cortney was main server, the support service staff was super attentive and very friendly.
Gr8 sushi and teppan table cooking in a beautiful restaurant w/gracious servers.  Appetizers are delicious.  Kind of pricey but lots of coupons available for locals.  I like the rolls, tofu, filet, seaweed salad and vegetarian teppan.
It was a Saturday afternoon, there was a line. You can't always depend on a line to be a barometer for a place. Today, no shakes because of machine not working. I told a customer who was waiting in line that this is why you always keep a backup plan, even if it is a wooden spoon and someone has to make them by hand. I could not get a receipt either because they ran out of paper. Burger is supposed to be grounded  on premises so the sign says. Customers commented that it is a In-an-Out knockoff while I was in line, which is not a bad thing. But their attempt is novice. The burgers, people like them but they are not fantastic, especially if I have to wait for over 30 minutes and it cost me$6.00. What is happening to our restaurants in America. People seem to think that if they get a reward or something called the, "best of" that they can just do what they want for the sake of making money! You folks can eat here but there is nothing special about this place except that maybe they have enough people in the neighborhood to support them! The best burgers start with quality beef grinder on the premise, then cooked on a wood smoked grill and everything is made in house, or locally sourced organically. Sorry but buns, ketchup, mustard, pickles,fries and other accoutrements can be done in house!Then you deserve to-ask $6.00 for a burger. But overall, support them because they are doing the best they can. I think there were some events nearby and that's why they were so busy.
Went there with hubby on Saturday to check things out since we've never been there.  We sat at the bar and the bartender's were super friendly and attentive!  I have to say that I think that bar may be set up well for the people sitting at it but the bartenders have to do aerobics to reach across to folks.  Poor design for the bartenders!  \nAtmosphere is very warm and welcoming and the patio area looked great even though we didn't go out there.  There was one couple waiting and we were told it would be 30 minutes for us to sit down.  Pretty strange when we saw plenty of empty tables once we sat at the bar.  \n\nFood was really mediocre and portions are VERY small for the price so don't expect too much.  Flavoring seemed lacking on several items.  Figgy flatbread was lacking a punch.  I expected real figs and I believe it had spots of fig jam.  Small amounts of the ingredients on the bread.  German beef sliders were overcooked and dry.  Mustard was overwhelming to the point where you couldn't taste the beef.  There was cheese in it?  Korean glazed wingers were the 5-star item...very tasty (3 full wings) and messy.  Caprese avocado salad had great ingredients but needed more balsamic and a touch of salt.  Emmet's smoked mac was highly recommended but ran out in the kitchen.  Why does an item on a limited menu run out at 7pm on a Saturday???  Pork belly taco's were a crap shoot, hubby loved the meat and I had a tough piece with a lot of fat.  The tortilla should have been toasted as well.  \n\nTried the peach cobbler and I have to agree with other feedback I read.  It really tasted more like bread pudding and it didn't even taste like peaches.  I ate the ice cream and left half of the "cobbler".  \n\nAs others have stated the prices add up and you don't get much to eat.  3 drinks, 5 tapas choices and two desserts were $100 plus tip.  Not sure we'll be back any time soon.
Great little frozen treat place. We love Italian ice and the gelato combines that with custard to add some creaminess. The workers are always sweet and patient as the kids want to sample multiple flavors before settling on one. If they have the hazelnut custard when you visit, try it! It's yummy!
This tasted so good! Every time I leave I miss am so exited to be hungry again so I can go back! The owners are really cute and I miss them all the time I highly recommend it!
5 Spice Roasted Pork Belly, Thick cut house cured bacon, Prime Rib, Savory watermelon wedge salad, Bone Marrow, Paella, Banh Mi, Sushi, Seafood + Desert options up the yin yang. This ain't yo mamma's buffet... Well worth the hour to get in as our pigging out more than made up for the wait time...
So ... we came in craving a delicious Pizookie.  Mind you we had been talking about getting one for the last three hours!!  What a disappointment it was to be hosted by one of the most inattentive servers in my dining experience.  Couldn't tell you his name because he never introduced himself.  Took our drink and dessert order and came back only once to check on us.  We had to guess what the bill was and leave some cash on the table because he never came back to drop off the check.  In his defense, he was pretty busy with all of his other tables who were looked more promising of a bigger tab!  So, we enjoyed our Pizookie without any napkins (and with a toddler, this was a bit of challenge).  Just some thoughts about our experience tonight, think I will continue to get my Pizookie at Zipps Sports bar and grill where the skillet is bigger, and they actually notice customers sitting at the table.
Step inside folks, here's a chocolate whore house! wooohooo....time to drink up. While I usually dislike chocolate, I couldn't help but put a smile on my face when I arrived. \n\nThe peeps were trying to find a sweet spot to ease their craving for sugary snacks, so we stopped by Max Brenner in passing. \n\nGreat atmosphere, almost as if you're transported to the days of red rover and four square. Awww....to be a kid again. \n\nSo step right up....for amazing chocolaty goodness that converted a non-chocolate loving person to a chocolate whore when she wandered in here! \n\nNo seriously, this place serves up sinful desserts to share, the perfect spot for a late night sweet!
I ordered from this store online and they screwed up my order. I called and spoke to manager Mike and he hung up on me because I wanted a refund instead of a credit. I called back and he admitted he hung up on me and said "the conversation was over." He's not management material and what good is a pizza store that can't make an order correctly?
The food was very good ! The bartenders ....I have only been in this area 24 hours but if this is how the customers are treated, this town should be embarrassed. I work for a very successful company where we treat customers like family. Here we were treated like a an imposition.
As I was going to the marche Jean-talon, decided to stop by this restaurant to have a quick lunch. Arrived at 11h30, the place was relatively calm, but noted the place filled up quickly as lunch time is approaching. We were seated at their terrace. \nWe were able to find free parking. \nThe server was on top of his menu. We ordered the Poutine with braised lamb and asked his recommandation on few entrées to share. He brought the hoummous, mouhamara, 2 shrimps and sausages.\nMy favorite was the mouhamara!!! Made with \nbread crumbs, pomegranate molasse, and walnuts.\nThe taste was absolutely delicious. It was a nice finding. Portions were just perfect for 2 and we were quite full by the end of the meal.
I wish I could have figured out who worked here. Basically the staff seem to be the ones in Halloween costumes of 'cool kids.' Or they might have been hipsters off the street. No way to tell.\n\nSo a cool dude who no doubt is a rebel in a leather jacket and ponytail brought us drinks, so I guess he worked there. A different awesome fellow with purple hair and a trilby hat and a cardigan took our order. All the jeans were so tight and torn and so cool I assumed that meant they worked there and/or were in a band. \n\nI'm not sure I was cool enough to eat here. Even the menu was cool and told me the chefs all wore cool earrings.\n\nI seem to recall the mini fondue was alright, but I was too intimidated by how cool and rebellious this place was.\n\nI'm not sure if 'The Yard' is the property of this place, but they were the only restaurant there. It was both too crowded with drunk people to enjoy with kids, but also too family friendly to be good for a drunk party.
I kept hearing from friend about how great this place was so one day I decided to come with and it was a great decision! \n\nI had the French toast which was great but I think the sausage and eggs were even better! The coffee was great as well. \n\nThe best part is the service. We kept asking for more things and she was always very nice and positive the whole time. Good overall experience, although it was kind of hot inside the restaurant. I'll be back!
YC holds a very special place in my heart.not because all the food you eat while your there lol but for the different flavors you can create with all the fresh ingredients. And not to forget the yummy noodles remember the more food you pack in that little bowl the more you get to take home : )
I went to dinner with my dad. He was recommended this place by one of the women that work there. And ended up she was the sushi chef. I had so much fun. I lived in Japan for a year. So talking to the owners (who are from Japan) just took me back. Cant wait to go back. The fish was so fresh, and talking to the chef was an added bonus. I highly recommend this olace for some great sushi in las vegas.
Stopped in after Black Sabbath concert. great selection of canned beers the beers were cold and served by a very efficient crew of bartenders. The live music on the night we were there was not usual for the place , I know this because at least 5 of the regulars told me so as I was obviously trying to figure out way there was Old rap music playing that seemed out of place for a bar in Tempe.
Nice service and decor, but overpriced for the food.  Most places include rice and beans with their dishes.  The Barrio Queen charges $3 each for rice or beans.  Add that to $5 for drinks and dishes costing an avg of $15, and you're better off going to Filiberto's, or going to a high end steak house. \n\nHighly recommend going anywhere else before opening your wallet for subpar Mexican food.   They advertise it as authentic, but it's anything but.
The food here is amazing.  The Pad Thai always hits the spot and I can't say enough nice things about it.
Always a fan of this joint.  Call me lazy but grabbing a split hot dog with cheese in a couple minutes makes my life better. I guess things could be worse but I don't care! I love a single patty burger with fresh jalapeños and mushrooms and whatever else I add on from there. It's a chain but I'm cool with it. Another hot dog pleas!
Ordered 4 Gyros though Uber Eats I received 1! So they conveniently removed 3 gyros from the bill and only charged me one plus the full delivery fee despite the fact I was trying to feed my family and had to go out my self and purchase enough food to feed my family. To the owners and Management. I am the Director of Operations for  a very large Franchisee in Food Service. I would have rained down thunder on a Manager of a Restaurant who attempted to charge a customer one penny for such a  egregious error with customer service like that in this town you won't stay in business for long.
So easy to give 5 stars. The food is awesome. Not going to go into tons of details. \nTry it, you will be delighted....the specials are always something new and great as well!
Went here on a trip to Pittsburgh and was looking for something close to our AirBnB rental.\nHave to say this is the BEST food we have had while in PA!\nHad to go back a second time try their other dishes.\nFirst trip I had a cheeseburger with Mac n cheese as a side, husband had something with pirogies, cheese, all I remember is that it has basically had everything in it. (Said it had the best pirogies he's ever had). Son had the langoustine Mac n cheese (said it was the best he's ever had)\nWe were all very happy with our meals and went back a second time.\nHad the braised short rib quesadilla, sooo much meat in it! Filled me up after only 3 pieces. Husband had the cheeseburger and actually said 'wow', he's never impressed with cheeseburgers as they tend to be average almost everywhere.\nDefinitely recommend eating here if you want food that actually has flavor, is unique and not for the general masses.\nThe food was so good that we bought a round for the kitchen each time we were there (for $9.99 you can add this to your tab and they'll give the cooks a round after work).\nAlso, service was amazing both times!
Decent Chinese Indian food. Lovely man that serves. Ambiance is quiet and a bit dim. Worth a try but if you are looking for an Indian spot on the Gerard strip there are many options. This definitely has more of a Chinese food flavour.
The food is delicious and amazing. The service, not so much. I am never greeted with a smile but rather rushed through and these employees seem to think they can predict what you want on your food and slap it on there until the words can escape your mouth. Sahara location is much better.
My family and I are buffet connoseiurs. I have been engaging in this sport for decades and the kids have been training since birth. In one phrase, this place is "the bomb". Outstanding snow crab legs and fresh ahi tuna for sushi. Many varieties of seafood inc shellfish and other cooked items. Gelato and other pastries for dessert. Ambience is clean and contempo. Service friendly and efficient. Striking contrast to the Mandalay Bay buffet, which was terrible and not at all cheap.
It's been several years since I ate at Restaurant Mexico and decided to try it again and very glad I did. This place serves up some very tasty tostadas and tacos and not drowned in cheddar grease cheese like those so called chain restaurants. The decor is very inviting and the service was excellent. Cody the Norwegian Latino is an awesome server with the right attitude!
They call it Mr. Lucky's @ HRH (Hard Rock Hotel).  More like "Mr. Lucky for us it was opened at 7am in the morning!" Nothing spectacular but from a quality perspective, an order of "chicken fried steak & eggs" after an evening & morning of heavy drinking was very satisfying.  Keep in mind, there were only 1-2 staff working at that time in the morning so don't expect customer service to be at the top of its game, however, it was good enough for us. During the day and early evening there's usually a full complement of staff on hand.\n\nPrice wise, there are some good deals and there are a variety of selections to choose from. Some ask, is it pricey? Well, it is Vegas you know. The venue itself is clean and a definite plus is the fact it is located within HRH which makes it convenient.  As far as seating goes, they can accommodate table and booth seating for larger groups. \n\nDefinitely consider Mr. Lucky's after an eventful evening at Body English or a day at REHAB.
greeted by two tall hot girls\nseated by one tall hot girl\nsurrounded by a dozen hot girls\n1. don't eat the fried pickles... i'm a huge fan of fried pickles but the ones here taste like you're eating salt sprinkled over salt. too salty! gross! i'm glad it only costed me 6 bucks because that went straight to the trash.\n2. hot wings... i was delighted. the past 2 times i've been to the hooters in costa mesa, the wings were dry and gross. almost tasted like wings that were left out for a month and served to us. this time was different at the one in vegas... plump juicy and surprisingly good.\n3. lots of tots... crispy tator tots with nacho cheese, sour cream, bacon and chives. good but must share. you can't finish by yourself because it's mega rich. \n4. service was super (obviously it should be because they're working on tips) and our server was friendly. \n5. 4 stars because the food is inexpensive and the the service and staff are upbeat and super friendly. didn't feel like the fake friendly either.
This subway is definitely one of the better ones I have been to! Staff have always been really nice and I've only ever waited in line once. The place is clean and well kept. It's a relatively healthy fast food place and I like to grab a sub after a long day or workout! I usually go for turkey breast on honey oat and it always tastes great for the price and for what it is!
I stop here for lunch every now and then, nice turkey sandwich and soup! (french onion YUM!)
Love their bruscetta and white pizza. 6 packs are what you'd expect at a pizza shop, with only a handful of craft options.  Seating area is either completely dead or very crowded depending on when you go.  I've only sat there once, on a weekend afternoon. When I've picked up my pizza, I've seen the dining room completely full. They do have a weekly unlimited pasta and soup special. \n\nAs far as delivery is concerned, they deliver quickly and their drivers act extremely professional; much more so than any pizza place I've ben a regular customer of. If you are a visitor perplexed about Pennsylvania's beer/liquor laws, you should know that neither Lucianos nor any other pizza shop (that I know of, at least) will deliver a six pack to your door.\n\nYeah, I definetely asked them...
I came on Christmas Eve '24th. I think they open 365 days a yr except not closing late like Pho Kim Long. The pho broth was great. Clear, clean and no blood debris. No trace of msg. Again no meat, but I didn't come for the meat. I only came for the broth and herbs. I didn't feel well so I had pho that day to kill the sickness. The macaroon was great. It was the best so far compare to Lee's Sandwich and under $2. I had durian and pistachio. I don't think they are almond flour instead a good mixture of sugar, flour and durian flavor. The cream mixture taste like almond but the two buns taste like flour.\n\nI think this is under new management. There is a girl that can't speak Vietnamese and she looks Korean. I thought she was Korean until her younger brother spoke Hanoi Vietnamese accent.
Last night was my first time coming here and it was fantastic! Your definitely paying more for the experience (food is very average). I suggest you get here early on the weekends or expect a 3 hr wait. The atmosphere is really what your going for. Live band, people standing on tables dancing, and SHOT SKIS!\n\nFood quality wasn't authentic by any means but not horrible. I got the breaded pork cutlet with sauerkraut. Big portions but expect to pay around $14-$24 per entree. If I went back I would just drink and eat the appetizers which were good and not too pricey. If your with a large party and looking to go out and get hammered...this is the place to experience. Not recommended if your trying to go out and have more of a quiet night out. SHOT SKIIIIIIS!
I wanted a great breakfast and that's exactly what I got at Lou's!!!! The food is great and the atmosphere is awesome!\nDo I mention they have home made jam!!
Met friends during happy hour. Wait staff very attentive. Ridiculously limited menu of happy hour appetizers--you cannot order from full menu during happy hour--otherwise I would have given it five stars.
If there's one cuisine you shouldn't eat on the Strip, it's probably Mexican. You can typically find better and cheaper off the Strip, no doubt. But, I didn't listen to my own advice and stopped by this place, located on the ground floor of Fashion Show mall, across from the Wynn.\n\nThere's a bar and patio street side for people watching and a darker, more cozy dining area inside. The food was slightly better than expected, but with the same hefty price tag of our casual Strip eateries. The freshly made guacamole was perfectly seasoned and well balanced with just enough acidity. The freshly fried tortillas chips were a welcome bonus, too. The pork taco platter consisted of succulent chunks of pork (that were too oily for their own good) in a skillet and some accompanying ingredients next to it for you to build your own tacos. The five tortillas they give you are plenty. The rice and beans were nothing special. But, you can basically say that about the majority of Mexican restaurants in town.\n\nThere's a kid's menu with typical kid-friendly fare. I will say that their cheese quesadilla was excellent. I'm not sure how they get their tortillas to be so delicate and crispy (almost like wonton wrappers) but they make for some of the best quesadillas a kid will eat. And, my kid is an expert at eating them.\n\nAs long as you go in knowing you'll spend a lot, you will probably leave satisfied. The food is typical Mexican that doesn't break any new ground, but is good enough to hold it's own against similar Mexican spots on the Strip.\n\n3.5 Stars
Best taco place in North Las Vegas. If you are craving some delicious Mexican food... come here!! They have variety and after tasting quite a bit of their menu I can honestly say it is all done right with great flavors! Owners and staff are super friendly and helpful. The location is clean. So, just head over and enjoy!
This place never misses. The candy yams are legit delicious. The fried chicken wings and fried swai are my favorites. The staff is very friendly and the service is great. The wife is in love with the collard greens and fried shrimp. We go here often and the food and service is always on point.
Thai chilli is definetly the best Thai Restaurant in the valley. We have tried varies thai locations and the food is top notch like no other. I love the choices of the hottness ob ur dish from 1-10. The BBQ chicken is the best n definetly a large portion
People's Indian Restaurant is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. The food is fantastic (particularly the lunch buffet) and the staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. And I should point out that the prices are incredibly reasonable - $9 for a high-quality lunch buffet is just great.
Great! Until you have to return something. I'm number 54, the number up now is 44, there is one clerk, 5 empty registers. It takes 5 minutes for one return, UGH!! I thought Walmart was a nightmare!!!
The best Pho soup I have tasted in Pittsburgh the soup is very savory, the meat was extremely tender, and the fresh herbs and bean sprouts where bright and fresh. The feeling is very laid back but at the same time elegant just strikes a perfect note. The drop ceiling was dated and dirty though. I would like to see it opened up more. But that is not a reason to stay away. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
Great place! Our favorite item by far is the crispy Thai tofu (and I'm not a vegetarian). The sauce is awesome and the tofu is firm and crispy. They're like mini French toasts.
I've eaten at Matador almost once a month for about15 years. I won't get into the logistics of others reviews. I give the higher than average star rating based on service and the salsa. Service was really good: the wait staff is always nice and attentive. Never a bad experience.\nThe salsa is fresh and good. Made chunk style with fresh green peppers and they provide, in abundance two kinds (I like to think of myself as a salsa expert...both the eaten and the dancing type ;)!!). They also fry their own tortilla chips. \nOk, so anyway for AZ/MEX it's good, not great. The combo plate is good, with a tamale, a taco and a cheese enchilada. This is food that is cooked for high volume. You can get much better in Arizona, granted but for downtown, it works. \nLunch is always packed, especially later in the week for the specials. Decor is old Mexican: still reminds of the days when most of the politico's would come down from the capital on main street to eat in the 70's and 80's. I love it. It looks dated inside and the booths are red leather. \nI've never experienced the bar or the adult beverages at Matador so I can't comment on the quality but it looks impressive. \nOne more thing: its a landmark in downtown. Anyone who works the downtown area knows this place and goes there once in awhile (they will admit it) for a quick AZ/MEX fix.
Tucked away in a corner of Mountains Edge, Our Families Country Cafe is a gem waiting to be discovered. My "partner in dine" and I both ordered the country fried steak and eggs with battered breakfast potatoes. \n\nThe steak was fork-cuttably tender and my eggs were perfectly over medium (and over the moon!). The potatoes were ketch-up to standards and beyond. \n\nThis 'staurant deserves 4 tines on my trademarked 5 pronged fork review gimmick.
Walked in, stood at the hostess desk until someone from the kitchen (we think) told us to seat ourselfs, sat down for about 10th minutes with waitresses passing us ten times. We finally left. It was not busy. Lousy service. Will not return.
This was the third time we have visited the Bahama Breeze in Las Vegas and it has been stellar each time.  The food choices are great and the quality excellent.    Our service has always been outstanding and the food delivered has been fresh and hot.  This is one of our favorite places to stop at when we are in town and the prices are very reasonable, especially for Vegas.  Very enjoyable and the service was excellent.
The service was excellent! By far the best server I have had in Toronto. The ambiance was welcoming, and the menu had a lot of variety.
It is in a cute house. The ambiance was intimate but the music adds some fun!  Definitely yummy food and talented Jazz band!  Do: order the cheesecake (we had oreo), to die for!!!  Don't: get a bloody mary unless you LOVE cocktail sauce!\n\nOverall we will be dining there again!
Cafe Hollywood = childhood, because it came from market village (city hollywood). Same menu, same prices.. same service..\nOne thing that has improved a lot is the decor- it's more modern, with comfy booth seating and the 'hollywood' theme with the wall decorations and huge oscar statues outside. \n\nOn weekend evenings and lunches, this place is jam packed. Tons of asians squished into a little restaurant in hopes of getting some cheap food. Makes me want to just leave the place, but they're usually pretty fast with sitting everyone down.\nI love their all day breakfast. SO much food for $6!? Yes please. I always get the satay beef with vermicelli. Yumm. It comes with a hot drink + any style eggs + pieces of ham + a sad excuse for a salad (one leaf, one cucumber slice and one tomato slice). It always gets me full so no complaints.\nI've recently tried the infamous chicken wings in HK style and I think they're pretty yummy! It's $16.99 for 20 wings, which is not a horrible deal as st. Louis's wings are much smaller and 1lb is only around 8 wings for $12. \n\nThe service is usually quick, except one time it took them forever to sit me down because they didn't even notice me standing at the door. The servers tend to speak canto to you and they bring everything very efficiently and they even apologize for stuff they mess up on- unlike a lot of asian restaurants.\n\nI would come back.
Great Hawaiian coffee.. good place to just chill.  First time here and thought to just try it out.  A bit on pricey side.. but if you love Kona coffee.  Then here is where you get your kona fix.  Overall great spot.
When I have that craving for Filipino BBQ, fried banana rolls, or ginataan, I go here and my tummy is satisfied.  Their crispy pata is worth the wait (10 min).
Overall a great place. I had the Delmonico steak. Best flavor of steak I have had in a long time. Crab cakes were good but not amazing. I am judging on taste and quality versus price mind you. For the price I would have expected jumbo lump crab in the cakes. The sauce/relish/salsa on top was very tasty. Pretzel fondue is great and worth trying. Suddenly everyone has pretzel fondue on their menus or pretzel buns with their sandwiches. We did go on one of their 2 for 1 steak nights. Great deal for a good steakhouse. Not so good are their tip policies on that. I understand tipping on what the meal should have cost etc. But I am not a fan of a 20% gratuity being added to a bill just because a deal/coupon is used. What if the service was bad? There was a small issue also with a bottle of wine that was out of stock. They substituted a slightly more expensive(10 dollars maybe) bottle at the cost of the other bottle. Great. But then the server added the cost of the higher priced wine to the overall bill and subtracted the 10 dollars later. This in effect added to his guaranteed 20% tip. Very shady server practice.
The paella is amazing!!! The service very friendly and the restaurant is really beautiful!! The Appetizers were just ok... And the sangria was normal as well... Not bad, but not really good ... I would like to go back to try more dishes.. If everything else is like the paella should be awesome, but if the rest of the menu is like pulpo a la Gallega or croquetas ... I would only have paella every time I go there...
The best! My grandmother first took me to The Place when I was a kid. I have continued to come back ever since.  I moved from Glendale to Scottsdale recently and was so happy to see another The Place opened up near me. My favorite breakfast spot with the best omelettes! I highly recommend it.
The sushi was pretty good.  The service was friendly.  Most of the rolls are either fried or had something fried inside.  I don't mind having stuff fried but when I go to sushi I don't want to have to search for food that isn't fried.\n\nI would suggest this for people who don't really like raw sushi or people who are new to sushi.
I've never gone "mad" for teriyaki, but I sure do like a good chicken katsu, which is a protein option on their menu.\n\nThis is how ordering works: \n\n1. Select either the bowl or plate option.\n2. Choose your protein, base, and side.\n\nI chose the chicken katsu with a brown rice base and a side of veggies. The overall bowl could seem bland to some taste buds without  sauce, but I thought it was decent without it and the extra sodium. I also ordered a chicken egg roll for its "exciting" description, but it was the opposite and tasted like the frozen variety found at some buffets and fast food places -- what a bummer. \n\nFood is somewhat overpriced. A bowl costs over $8.00, and the egg roll was $1.99. To justify the cost, my main meal made me full, but I can't say that the egg roll was worth the price.\n\nThe service was good. I do like how orders are directly delivered to your table if you choose to dine in. There's plenty of booth seating, and the restaurant is clean. \n\nWhen I stopped by for lunch on a Sunday afternoon, there were hardly any diners, but I can imagine it being packed once the LVAC across the street opens.
Good portions. Lots of big chunks of chicken in the butter chicken. Garlic naan was good too.
Hooray! Another ramen-ya in the valley! So after much anticipation, I finally got the opportunity to try this place going home from the airport.\n\nThe menu is relatively simple, they offer all the ramen staples: miso, shio, shoyu. There are specialty bowls of ramen such as negi or nori, spicy, deluxe, chasu, etc. Finally, you can order extra negi, or nori, or noodles. I did say relatively simple didn't I? Anyway, if at anytime you have a question the waitstaff is very patient and will gladly help you order.\n\nI opted for a regular sized bowl of negi ramen. When she took my order, the waitress also asked me if I wanted extra noodles, that way she could time the cooking so they would be ready when I finished the noodles in my original order. I declined, but I thought that was a very nice touch. My order came with a slice of fatty, melt-in-your mouth chasu, half a soft boiled egg, and a large pile of negi!\n\nThe noodles were cooked nicely, they had absorbed some of the broth but still remained chewy. The broth was not too salty and was very rich, heavy, and a bit oily. That is my only complaint and it's a personal one. Considering this ramen chain originated in northern Japan, the heavier soup makes sense. I can definitely see myself craving this place on the cold autumn and winter nights, but not so sure during the summer time. Who knows, maybe they will come out with a special tsukemen at that time. Let's hope so!
What a find! Tasty craft beer--6 of their own brews and 12 guest taps--delicious food, and entertainment. Plus we had a rare treat of conversation with the brewer who was working behind the bar. Overall our beer critique was mixed, because on this visit we preferred the guest taps. But hey, $10 gets you a sample of all six house brews. Sweet deal. And fun. \n \nFood highlights:\n- hand-packed certified angus burgers\n- they roast their own turkey, which made the club sandwich delicious.\n- hand-cut fresh potato fries\n\nLarge outside seating area perfect for groups.
First time here I came with my boyfriend and my two nieces. I'm a vegetarian, my bf doesn't eat pork and we all know ow picky kids could be lol\nThe kids got the jerk chicken poutine and loved it. So much cheese, just enough gravy and the fries were still crispy, which they loved because most places load on the gravy and by the time you get to the middle its all soggy.\nI ordered the ackee and saltfish w food. It was so fresh and just delicious. The portion size was much more than expected. You can actually taste and see big chunks of saltfish . When ever I go to other west indian places they are so stingy on the saltfish half the time you cant taste any its like they only put saltfish juice . It came with fried plantain which was a bonus also got fried and boil dumplin which wasnt a special request also so delish!!
Loved the food, loved the service.  Christina did an amazing job. Would definitely come back again.
The first time I went there a couple of years ago, it was pretty good.  Then I went there a year ago and it was ok.  Went again tonight and in my opinion, it was some of the worst  food I have ever had.   \n\nLike others have said, very inconsistent but either way, I won't be going back.
We came here close to 9pm on a very cold night and were quickly greeted with free tea and miso soup! The staff was very nice. We ordered an eel roll and 3 of their special rolls. All were great. What I like about their rolls is they don't use rice as a filler or to make the portions look larger. The quality and freshness of their rolls were excellent. We also had their fried tempura platter that had shrimp, mushrooms, yam, and other various vegetables from their appetizer portion of the menu and it was very large. By the end of the meal we were full and more then content. To our surprise, we got a free scoop of both the green tea icecream and the sesame seed icecream. The green tea icecream is the same everywhere but the sesame seed icecream was quite unique and surprisingly good. We were also given small candies as we parted. I normally don't pay much attention to service, as long as the food can speak for itself but WOW Sushi's service has to be commended for their attentiveness and hospitality! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in the Toronto, Canada area.
We went the evening of my little sister's 21st birthday to get shots to start the night out. She had never had alcohol and was excited to try her first shot. However, the waitress, Amy, was completely RUDE to us! After looking at my sister's ID, went to get a waiver for her to sign because her ID was, of course, still strait up and down. She laid it on the table and said in her snotty tone: "Be prepared, you're gonna be filling out A LOT of these tonight!" The only other words she communicated to us were rude, as well. Of course, the rest of the night, we didn't sign one single waiver. We told Amy we just wanted the two shots and then we'd like the check, but she didn't come back for another twenty minutes after giving us the shots! WE had to flag her down to get her to finally come back to the table, and the place wasn't busy at all. My fiancé and I had been to this Gallagher's many times before and loved it, but Amy ruined our experience and we won't be coming back.  \nWe came in smiling and she totally killed the mood.
La Selva offers an amazing 6 course tasting menu on Sunday nights for $28.00.  Each plate was more wonderful than the last during a leisurely two hour meal.  Highly recommended!
I don't feel they get enough credit but Osaka was great. We were seated with a super awesome group that knew what family style seating was. The staff was amazing and at most places when you tell them you have the Groupon the service isn't the same. I can't say that about Osaka I feel they went above and beyond my expectations. Thanks Osaka
My boyfriend and I came here fairly regularly when it first opened. The food was great, the service was great, I would've given it 5 stars. Within the last year, however, this place has really gone downhill. As many have said, it's basically a fast casual spot with sit-down restaurant prices. We went last time and had to go up to the cashier to place our order and get our own silverware. We ordered 2 beers and went to sit outside. They have a full bar, however, I got my beer in the bottle while my boyfriend got his in one of those small plastic water cups. The food was bland and not worth what they're charging, and the server didn't even bring napkins. I don't know why there has been such a dive in service, but it's unfortunate, and we won't be coming back.
After a night of partying on Fremont Street, me & my girls were hungry and this cafe looked so cute. I honestly don't even remember what I ordered (told you I was partying) but it was some type of sandwich with bacon relish or something and it was so good! They have some pretty healthy food options as well as teas & juices. Great for grabbing a bite but not feeling heavy afterwards. Our cashier was super cool and made some great suggestions.
Succulent, authentique, chaleureux, délicieux et abordable. J'ai adoré mon expérience et mon repas dans ce minuscule petit restaurant bondé de monde sur la rue Ste-Catherine à Montréal. On y a mangé leur soupe Ramen et un plat de sashimi de saumon. Vraiment satisfaite.
Descriptive phrase: classic, cool college pub.\n\nWe came to Legends at the end of the night after the Badger/Illini football game, still wearing Badger gear. No hassles from the locals, though, which was nice. In fact, everyone there seemed to be having a chill but fun time. The music was a tad loud, and the drinks pricier than neighboring bars (but still totally reasonable), but the atmosphere was more comfortable and the options higher end. I could see Legends being one of the better bars in Champaign to sit back with a drink and watch a game or hang with friends without worrying about a drunk frat boy spilling on you. Nice.
Love this place, service is nice and the pad-see was amazeballs! Also they give you coconut ice cream at no charge  and it was delicious!
I hate when I get a recommendation from Yelp for a good restaurant and it's actually bad. No flavor, nothing I ordered was good. Ugh!
Very good Vietnamese food for Vegas!  We went there with our family and ordered a variety of dishes- from com thit nuong, bun thit nuong, nem nuong cuon, banh canh tom cua, hu tieu.  Everything tastes great and did not disappoint!  I'm pleasantly surprised and very glad to find a good viet place for my Vegas trips. :)
I just discovered this place a few months ago and I have returned countless times. The lengua and al pastor tacos are amazing. I've also had the rice, beans, and a churro which were all great as well. The price is spot on. I will keep coming back here.
I've heard good things about this place so we gave it a try.\n\nI ordered roll set B (Spicy Tuna Roll, Green Dragon Roll (5 PCS), Orange Dragon Roll (5 PCS)) and the Sushi & Roll set B (Sushi (11 PCS), Dynamite Roll (5 PCS)) to share between two of us. The sushi was fresh and decently sized. \n\nBoth combos were executed well and we definitely ordered more than enough food for two people! The combos came with miso soup and also a scoop of ice cream at the end.
Three friends and I dropped by here for lunch today. We all shared the all-you-can-eat meat portion (I'm not sure what it's called, but it was the first thing on the menu). The rice was perfectly cooked, and the meat was of superb quality. The servers were quick to bring everything over and offer refills, too. Definitely worth a try!
I don't know why I keep running into bad luck with pizza shops in Pittsburgh, but it's really disheartening.  Pizza Romano usually has a decent veggie sub that I order when my husband is craving wings and pizza.  Apparently though, this time that we ordered, they failed to tell us that their menu had changed.  Instead of a medley of vegetables, they gave me goopy "eggplant", soggy tomato, cheese, and some type of liquid that had made bread into soup.  I wouldn't even attempt to eat it.  I called and THEN they notified me of the change.  No big deal... but their new menu stated that there should be eggplant, tomato, zuchinni, and mushrooms on it.  I saw no mushrooms or zuchinni. Also their garlic bread was weak and disgusting and tiny.  Not worth it.  I am really disappointed with our experience. Needless to say, we won't be ordering from there again.  I just hope we can find a restaurant that can provide quality when we're craving some delivery.
Fun Tex-Mex type place in an attractive setting.  Nachos were great, service was attentive, noise level was not too loud, and the entrees were all delicious.  One quandary:  wouldn't one expect the chopped salad to be, well, chopped?
everytime i go into craft burger, i think to myself, "one day... i'll go in". \n\nlast week, i did.\n\nmeh.\n\ni had asked the girl at the cash to recommend something to me that would make me want to come back as a first timer, and she suggested the philly cheese steak. i was with a coworker and she had recommended the deep fried mac n cheese (think mac in cheese, breaded, and friend into the shape of a large fish stick)\n\nverdict - the sandwich was really nothing to write home about. the baguette was chewy, the beef was really dry, and i wasn't really that impressed. the one mac n cheese would have been the shining star about the visit, had it not been overfried (read: really really brown)\n\ni dont think i'll go back for a sandwich again sorry reggie... maybe for the poutine at 2am?
Love Banzo! Super delicious, friendly staff, and speedy. I'd recommend the platter. The best thing on the menu if you ask me.\n\nThe only problem I had was nothing to do with Banzo...Apparently, when you order from Eat Street or any 3rd party service, they have to call in the order for you when you place it. Eat Street didn't call it in so I waited an hour and 15 minutes before I called Banzo when they told me this. They were SO SWEET and apologetic even though it wasn't their fault. They made the delivery in record time (20 min) and gave me a complimentary cookie. Love this place.
I went to the Icon on several occassions with several different dates. I really enjoyed the clasys but casual atmosphere. The food is really good, but a bit pricey for the small portions. Then again, it is a classy dining place that values on quality. I highly enjoyed the Chicken Skewer, and it was dry along with the Duck Confit they had there. I'm a huge stickler for dried avian dishes, but it was good and still moist.\n\nThey also had sangrias there that were pretty good. Overall, I think it's a nice restaurant to take a date when you're in the more serious stage. I would estimate the price of the bill to be $70-$80 for two people. Also, the service was pretty good. They trained their servers to thoroughly describe the dish also to know what exactly is in it.
We stayed here Easter weekend and it was good, not great. I mean the hotel is beautiful inside and the rooms are really nice, but we had a problem with one of our rooms.  After checking in, we went up to our room to find that one of the room's floors was soaking wet.  We had two rooms, and our other room next door was absolutely fine.  I called down to the front desk to complain, and there was nothing they could do but offer us free dinner buffet for two.  Too bad we had a party of 8 people.  I asked to be switched to a different room, but they weren't able to accomodate us because they claimed the only rooms they had available were smoking rooms.  I kinda didn't believe them, and wanted to at least get the room discounted, but they said they couldnt discount the room further because I had already been set up with a casino rate.  Oh well.  \n\nThere is a monorail stop at the hotel, so it made it really convenient to go to other hotels without having to take a taxi or drive ourselves. There was a March special and an all day pass was $9.  The all day pass was for 24 hours following the purchase (we bought ours at 8pm, so it was valid til 8pm the next night)  \n\nThere are a lot of places to eat at the hotel, from fine dining to casual eats like Mcdonalds and Nathan's hot dogs.  They also had a Haagen Daz which i loved!  There is also a fat tuesday, which is nice, even though I didn't get anything from there (but i wanted to)  I know that you can buy a yard long margarita and then just bring the cup down and pay less for refills. :)\n\nThe lion habitat is something definitely worth checking out if you've never seen it.  \n\nThe casino is HUGE, so please be prepared to do some walking if you want to go from one end of the casino to the other. The poker room is always pretty busy, and the tables usually have $10-$15 minimums.  \n\nJoin their players club and play some slots, because that way you will be able to get rated and get cheaper rates on their rooms.  :)\n\nI get casino rate at mgm and luxor and like both, it all just depends on you.  :)
What a great find. Tiffany was our server & so very attentive.  Had a late lunch on Saturday & we all had pizza but agreed we would try something else next time. We are moving to the Charlotte area soon & Hawthorn ' s is close to our new neighborhood.  We'll definitely be back #
Love this place.  Great, honest food served with a smile.  This is place and the owner are 100% authentic and real.  No fillers, no gimmicks and no fake fro fro.  Just good food and cozy atmosphere that takes you back to a time when "Gluten Free" did not exist, and Hostess Twinkies reigned supreme.  \nSo, fill up that tank with leaded fuel, and mosey down to Downtown Chandler for a good meal!\nEnjoy!
Good service, amazing food. After so so reviews I was pleasantly surprised :)\nDefinitely would come again.
I had the brazilian bowl and it was delicious. A refreshing, yummy way to start off my day! I definitely recommend this place if you love fruit!
I never made it to dinner so my review is based on my experience rather than the food.\nI made a reservation with the concierge at check in to Encore. I let them know this was our 25th anniversary night. I requested a table on the patio as close to the water as possible. She said she couldn't guarantee where on the patio we would be but that we would be on the patio. I made the reservations just after they opened to make our chances a little better.\nUpon arriving the following evening the host started leading us to the back of the restaurant. I stopped him and said that I had reservations on the patio. He said that they could not seat us on the patio. I told him of my conversation with the concierge and he said sorry we are fully booked. I looked outside and I think maybe a couple tables were occupied. I told him I didn't want to sit inside and that we were leaving. I also thanked him for ruining our 25th anniversary. The smug SOB said and I quote "You're welcome, have a great night". If it hadn't been such a special occasion I would jumped down his throat but didn't want to ruin our evening. Will NEVER give them another chance.\nWe walked over to Lakeside next door (same patio and view and almost identical menu) and asked it they by chance had any room on their patio for our dinner and explained our situation. They were very kind and gracious and sat us on the patio almost immediately. THAT is how your treat a guest.
Yelp says it is open today and there is a sign on the front door which indicates it is closed. What happened ?
If I wasn't a local (I am), and I was looking for somewhere great to eat, this would be the place I would want to know about. I'm not sure how we've gone almost 2 years living here without eating at Karsen's, but my life and my taste buds will never be the same! \n\nThis place most definitely is your dream dive bar- friendly service (our waiter/bartender was amazing), great food, and great vibe. The place is small, and best suited for small groups (Maybe 10 tables in the whole place) but totally worth it! \n\nWe split the fried mac & cheese bites, I had the Karsen's Kuban and my boyfriend had the Southwest Cardiac- He swears the burger was the best burger he had ever had, and my Kuban was amazing. \n\nOverall, we've decided Karsen's Grill is our new hangout spot and we can't wait to eat our way throughout the entire menu!
Fresh breaded mushroom, yummy hard cider, Guinness, decent fish & chips, friendly server.  This place was much better than McLean's pub- it was our second bar right after McLean's pub.  \n\nNothing really special except that.  I could go back but it's not super memorable place or super special.  I won't be sad if I don't have a chance to go back..
Great service, good cocktails and great pizza. Really cool atmosphere, I will definitely be back. Had the Carne pizza and a side plate of some fresh sliced prosciutto. This place should definitely be sitting at over 4 stars.
[Out-of-Towner Review]\n\nIt's like your local restaurant, when you take residence in the Aria for 7 days!\n\nEXCEPT it's Vegas priced.\n\nLet's just say I wanted a filling breakfast before work (tradeshow), so I got down there early, before the masses. There was a two person wait to get in, which was super easy. There are two lines, one for the regular patrons and one for the advanced M-life members -- which is totally normal thing in Vegas casinos!\n\nI was seated in a comfy booth, all my my lonesome. I mentioned I had to get to work so the bus person and the server were really great with timing and speediness.\n\nI had planned to order a very basic meal, eggs, toast, and bacon, but when I saw that was $20, I figured for $8 I should just get the steak and eggs, which I did!\n\nBefore the food arrived, the server brought a whole tray of condiments -- ketchup, various jams, hot sauces, and steak sauces. It was a great little assortment of dipping goodness...most of which I didn't even use.\n\nI was also served a carafe of coffee and a cup. A bonus was that they had soy milk, which I really didn't think they would, for my coffee. Bonus points.\n\nIt honestly felt like I was being served room service in a restaurant. Maybe it was the silver covering tray my food, before it was set before me. The steak, which was ordered medium well, was pretty well done by the time it reached it. The eggs were perfectly over easy. However, it didn't say that the hash browns come in a square brick, it just said hash browns, so I assumed it was normal breakfast style. I asked for extra crispy and it looked like they tried to make the top and bottom a little more crispy, but it was really not that good at all! The toast was not even warm, so the butter couldn't melt on it.\n\nAs I tore through the steak, I was okay with my meal. It left a lot to be desired, but it did the trick of filling me up before a long work day, with most likely no lunch. The service was great, I had no issue with the service at all.\n\nIt's like over priced room service you have to sit down to order...
Noodle Asia over Beijing Noodle!!\n\nWe've been coming to Noodle Asia for at least 5 years now and every time we visit, they've always been consistent with their food.\n\nOur order:\n-Shrimp and Chive Dumplings, fried $8.95 (4 pieces)\nI'm not a big eater so this usually does it for me. They are very flavorful but BEWARE! They are heavy on the chive! These are especially good when you cut them in half and put them in broth. TRUST ME.\n\n-Hong Kong Won Ton Soup, large bowl $14.95\nPersonally, I don't care for this, but the BF loves it and it's all he orders when we're here. The broth, however, is really nice and I always make myself a little bowl to put my chive dumplings in.\n\nI don't think the noodles are made fresh, personally. In fact, I don't know if they make anything in-house. I'll definitely ask the next time I'm there.\n\nThis place can get super busy since it's a very popular joint! They normally open at 11am during the weekdays and they DO NOT TAKE RESERVATIONS, so be prepared to wait in line!\n\n4 stars because the prices are inflated, but hey, thats Vegas! LOL
We have heard rave reviews for Nobu and we have a favorite Japanese restaurant that we love in Philly back home (Double Knot). While the food was very good it wasn't as good as back home. The server gave some great recommendations and we enjoyed everything. The cocktails were amazing.
Tender tender tender, omg I haven't had such tasty fish fillet in a long time. It was done at its perfection. However, the broth was very salty, or "too flavorful" in a nice way, that I chugged at least 5 liters of water in the next 3 hours... Trust me, the noodle wasn't as spicy as it looked, so be brave. Have to mention their service, it's the finest among all Chinese restaurants I've been. They were extremely polite and efficient. You should go if you are into northern Chinese cuisine.
I have eaten in at Soho 7 times, ordered to go 4 times and even had them cater a large event.  I really enjoyed their food.  Their sushi is very good as they do use fresh fish.   I have been to their happy hour on 5 occasions and even ordered everything on the Happy hour menu one time.  \n    The Calamari, Salmon Roll, Albacore Sashimi, Black Cob Lettuce Wraps and Tadas  were the highlights from the Happy Hour menu.  The Maki, stuffed mushrooms and stuffed Jalapenos were not very good and we never ordered them again.   We have ordered several of the sushi rolls on numerous occasions and really have enjoyed them.  I do like that they use fresh fish and quality ingredients in their sushi.\n   We had their Miso Black Cod, numerous sushi rolls and the Angus Bone is Rib for a dinner party.  The Miso Black Cod was truly the highlight of the night.  Everyone loved it along with the sushi.  \n   I do love their Happy Hour!  They have lots of great items to choose from.  They don't skimp on the size of the dishes just because it is happy hour which is even better. Great place and just around the block from my house!
I honestly wish I could give no stars. 1. The server was not pleasant. When we asked for a manager the waitress was rude about it. 2. The music is SO loud we had to almost yell to hear each other speak. 3. The food. Smh. It was so salty. The macaroni & cheese was SO salty, the yams tasted like syrup, the greens had no flavor but very salty and the red beans and rice taste like they were out of a can. The only thing that was good was the chitterlings. My friends ordered catfish and smothered pork chops and they were both very salty. We didn't eat ANYTHING. My friend threw up the food was so disgusting. I won't be back again. Save your money. If they offered a gift certificate, I still wouldn't take it.
Few things but carefully selected. \n\nHaven't tried the sandwich but they look they know what they're doing. \n\nHome made bread, pastries and tiramisu. \n\n3 stars for now because I haven't tried yet their sandwiches that look yummy but that's just it. Next time I'll try some and will let you know.
Great food! Great service. Prices are a little high so we have to spread out our visits. Thumbs up for sure
Have visited twice since they recently opened this latest location.  Don't expect fast food quality.  The food is higher end and tastefully presented.\n\nThe prices are upper end as well. This is an upscale mexican resturant.  But weighing all important points to consider, they should be able to command their prices.   \n\nTheir servers are professional and friendly.  That goes a long way in making or breaking an establishment, or dictating what prices can be charged.\n\nI have had Chicken Parillada (Fajitas) -$19.  Another time we hit happy hour and had drinks and Appetizers.  Both times served complimentary chips, salsa, and bean dip while waiting to be served.\n\nSome of the meals can serve 2 depending how big of an eater you are.  One appetizer, chips, and a drink will give you a light meal and perhaps fill you up.  \n\nLove the atmosphere in Tivoli Village, street level, in the south west section of the village.\n\nIt would be nice if the menu's were printed with numbers next to the selections for some of us gringo/gringa that will struggle with some of the dish names.  Some might be intimidated to attempt a menu item just because of this, and pass up a wonderful meal experience.
It is hard not to compare Gong Cha Tea to Chatime just up the street.\n\nCame by on a weekday afternoon when it was not busy. There were just a couple of people in front of me. So I placed my order and wait for my number to be called. It did take a long time for everyone to get their drinks. I waited and waited and waited and no one was even calling any numbers and just let our orders piled up behind the counter.... \n\nHow's the drink? I ordered something similar as Chatime: Roasted Milk Tea with Grass Jelly. There were hardly any grass jelly, the tea was not as smooth and hardly any tea taste.... FAIL\n\nSlow and Unorganized with So So products, I doubt I would be back!
Worst Mexican food in the entire world. The world. \nCame here for some fresh guac and Mexican. The carnitas were burnt and gross. Worst. The entire world. Worst.
Excellent Hungarian food served by nice people in a nice place.  Enormous portions.
Huge fan! My first time visiting ikea was just 3 days ago. I was overwhelmed at how big this store is. Theres so much to see and do. Ive gone back every day since, 3x's in 3 days. The midnight madness summer sale was nuts. Very busy. I love that theres shopping bags everywhere in case you change your mind and suddenly need one. I also love that theres recycling bins everywhere as well. The one complaint i have is that the area for returns and exchanges is very slow, so are the check outs. The workers take their time cashing people out. Its very slow and this is excluding the midnight madness sale. \nI did have a hard time finding someone to help me locate some items. \nI got a few plants at a great price. They were healthy looking which is good to see, compared to plants that ive seen at canadian tire. The .75cents hot dogs are surprisingly good. Nothing compared to street meat but still good for the price.
Super overpriced on everything 2 little skirt steak tacos for 13$??? Fries tasteless   Overpriced beers. Undereducated staff. Food is good but pretty disappointing. Cool place tho.  Lots of potential to bad it's crap now!!
Wife was craving Indian food, so ordered the bindi masala, dosa, and yellow dal.  All pretty tasty, bit expensive, but we have had better.  Not bad if you want decent (though not stellar) Indian food.
Hole in the wall. Pick up your food. Amazing portion. Great Food. Discovered this place during my college years and still frequently visit it during their lunch special.
For the price (we had a restaurant.com certificate) I felt it was a good deal but otherwise, I don't think I'd go back.  I had the eggs w/the hash and the hash had carrots in it which I found very odd... the worst part was they weren't fully cooked so they were very al dente which didn't go well with the beef and potatoes in the hash. Also, I asked for no bread and yet they brought me bread. Service was okay. My friend seemed to enjoy her breakfast -- simple eggs w/bacon and toast so perhaps I need to just stick with the simple dishes next time... if there is a next time. \n\nThe location is ideal if you are staying at THE Hotel as it's just next to the lobby.
Amazing place to eat at. My first time eating real Indian food was here at India Masala and started an addiction. started from eating samosas every day as a snack (GREAT VEGAN OPTION AND IM NOT EVEN VEGAN) Also had the masala dosa, tikka masala and the butter chicken, ALL FIRE. i'm ready to try any and all of their options whenever i get the chance. Awesome customer service from them every single time as well.
Great food and great service. Stripped down decor is appropriate. Place was jam packed and kitchen was slow, but servers were warm and attentive so it didn't matter. Eggs Benny were possibly best I've had. 42 for good coffee, fresh OJ, and three dishes between two people. Good value, great job.
Love this place. Stumbled upon it looking for a late place to eat.  Small plates were just the right size and the food was wonderful. Duck taco inspired creations were the best.  Thanks to Chris behind the bar for the great suggestions.  Make sure you get the Plantain Guacamole starter.
The most kind and friendly staff. I enjoyed my stay here and the rooms are of very very good quality. The beds are sturdy and the walls are thick. The location is good although not central but not too far from all the action.
I went to this place based on reviews and either I have really good taste buds or the other reviews were written by people who haven't experienced great food before.  This was AWEFUL. My sandwich was slim on the turkey, brown edges on my limp lettuce and the bread must have been 2 or 3 days old, it kept falling apart.  Now i appreciate everyone's take on potato salad theirs was horrible.  Cut potato, undercooked with I believe to be a mayo with seasoning?  When service is better than food.  That's bad.  Speaking of service, sitting at my table waiting for a server to take my drink order, i was able to read the entire menu but when i have to ask for a refill on my tea from the hostess, that's bad.  I have a pending charge from this restaurant for 8.50 more than my receipt since i tip in cash.  They better hope that the total matches my receipt or heads will roll. Will not visit again
Sammys is a four star type of place the way it's meant to be. I love that don't serve fancy highfalutin food. They have the best wings in town, and have some of the fastest service I've ever seen. Sammy is is the neighborhood bar everybody wish they had. It can get a tad expensive but Worth supporting a local business. You get extremely large portions for the price though.
Word to the wise, do not sit at the bar area. You can tell they're not used to having people sit there. It was messy and cluttered when we got up there and the servers had to clear it all out when we got up there. They didn't know how to ring up our order, since I mentioned earlier that they really don't seem to get a lot of people sitting at the bar. But overall the food had good flavor. A little skimpy on the seafood though. I ordered a Cameron y pulpo tostada and it was rather tiny.
I judge a place on taste, value and quality. I really think I have found the perfect pita. I've visited this gem about a dozen or so times and live nowhere near Whitby. \n\nDON'T pay attention to the poster that claims the chicken is simply microwaved. I'm not sure where she gets her hateorade but the chicken is warmed and it is incredibly tender and slow cooked beforehand. \n\nThe place is family owed, the people friendly and the tastes are incredible. Homemade sauces and the hot sauce although tasty will make you suffer as if you were with your least favourite ex. At least the sauce hurts so good. \n\nI'm partial to the garlic chicken, but the chicken Caesar is a winner and the shawarma is a nice treat. \n\nWorth the drive and the value is still incredible.
Legit! \n\nI knew this place was going to be good because I love Welcome Diner. I ordered the chicken breast with Japanese BBQ sauce and an apple fritter and the Thai Slaw. My boyfriend ordered the 2 piece with the Spicy Korean Sauce, corn, and a maple bacon donut. I liked my sauce better, but his side of corn was bomb. The batter that they use on the chicken was light and crispy and the chicken was cooked perfectly, not all dry. I really wanted chicken wings, but they were sold out. The next time we go, it will be before 11 am so I can get chicken wings.\n\nI wish it was open past 3pm :( so I could enjoy this deliciousness more days of the week than Saturday.
Legume and the Butterjoint...super rad place. Great ambiance, wonderful people. I would go back. I'll write more some other time.
Do not waste your money here! \nWe were excited to try this new spot in Parkdale for the cocktails and the seafood. There were four of us in total. We started with drinks, the Disco juice which sounded so good tasted weird and watery. Apparently each drink had 2-3oz of liquor in it but we couldn't taste any vodka in either of the two we ordered. We moved onto beer and the rum punch cocktail which was slightly better.\nThe food was horrible. Ahi tuna poke was absolutely tasteless, no flavour whatsoever. The corn fritters and shrimp bao were okay, but super over priced for what you are getting. \nThe octopus was not fully cooked through. The scallops were $14 for maybe 1.5 scallops thinly sliced over some beets - so lame. And the pineapple fried rice was also bland and pretty boring for $19. \nOur total meal for 4 was over $200 for an app and main each plus a couple drinks - I'd be totally fine to pay that anywhere else where the food is half decent.\nThey also cram you into the place, can barely get in between tables if you're in the booth, tables are so close together. \nGo to hanmoto or oddseoul for way better food.
OMG THIS PLACE IS AMAZING AND DEFINITELY WORTH THE LONG WAIT!!!!!\n\nIf you're drunk and with your friends waiting, time will fly by fast. The way the place is laid out is in the casino area of Palace Station, literally looks like a little bar area, and seats no more than 15-20 people, TOPS. My friend, bf and I waited like an hour. LADIES, make sure you switch your heels from the club/dayclub with some comfy flip flops or flats!!!! You will thank me later. \n\nI have this tendency where I order too much food when I'm drunk, but with waiting for an hour, WHO CARES?!!! SO NOW ONTO THE FOOD!!!!\n\nOYSTER SHOOTERS:\nMMM YUMMY. Super refreshing AND OYSTERS WERE FRESH TO DEATH. HIGHLY RECOMMEND. \n\nCOMBO PAN ROAST:\nMy friend and I got one each... and it was sooooo goood. It came with shrimp, lobster and crab and the texture of the orange stewy sauce was soooo succulent and eating it with the scoop of rice they give you on top is just simply amazing. \n\nBOUILLABAISSE:\nMy boyfriend got this, and it had noodles in it and was a little more soupy but still had some stewy texture. He says it's HIGHLY COMPARABLE to bouillabaisse in the EAST COAST and Oyster Bar is the best place for it on the westside. \n\nALASKAN CLAM CHOWDER: \nOMG THIS CHOWDER IS SO GOOD. PROBABLY THE BEST CLAM CHOWDER I'VE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. It comes with shrimp, crab, lobster, and of course, CLAMS, and the chowder is so RICH in flavor and the PERFECT AMOUNT of saltiness. GET IT MANHATTAN STYLE or New England style. \n\nBe ready to pass out for about an hour or two before you rage some more... this place hits the spot and is definitely amazing COMFORT FOOD. Even the NEXT MORNING we reheated all of the leftovers in our hotel and it still tasted SO AMAZING. I URGE YOU to make time for this place if you're a seafood and stew lover if you're ever in VEGAS. \n\nHope this helped! ;)
K, C and I stopped in on a Thursday night, about 7. We got sat right away. The dining room was pretty busy but it was clean. Our server was Judi. She was awesome. In fact, K and I commented and told the female manager that the entire experience was great. What ever she and her management crew were doing was working, at least from our perspective. \n\nK and I had one of our usual's, the two for $20. We both got Chicken and Pork Fajitas. Each order came out sizzling, had a good portion of protein vs green bell pepper slices and onions. The chicken was not over cooked, the pork was tasty and really one of the best fajita efforts we've had in awhile. You get an app with the 2 for $20 deal so we chose the chips and Guacamole. The Guac was fresh and you get a very nice portion. Winner winner 2 for $20 dinner.\n\nC got the Big Mouth Bites ($9.69). Basically 4 sliders. C ordered them Medium and they came out pretty darn close. At least they were far from the hockey pucks we've experienced before at places that serve these mini burgers. The french fries that came with his dinner were done right, not overly salted and cooked properly. Nice.\n\nGreat experience. Great Food. Clean Facility. 5 Stars.\n\nI want to note here that giving Chili's a 5 Star rating was very difficult. We dine at Chili's a lot. Not just this location but the one in Gilbert and Mesa. The thing is there is NOTHING that they could have done to make this experience better. Finally.
Can't rave about the food, but the standard Mexican choices are tasty.  We had a few beers and appetizers.  Attentive service, plenty of Tvs to catch up on sports scores make is a good choice for before or after an event. I can't imagine sitting there for an entire game.
Really good Thai food a bit on the spicy side but so delicious. My husband couldn't hang so now he learned his lesson not to order spicy next time. But this place was quick with a take out order and you get a lot of food. Definitely will go back.
STK is located in the Cosmopolitan. It is so delicious!  If you're looking for a good place to eat and don't mind spending the money, try this place out. \n\nAfter you order your food, they bring out some house bread which was pretty good. For appetizer, I shared the Tuna tartare. It was so good but the portion is pretty small.  It's good to share maybe with 1 other person. I shared the bone in rib steak (20 oz) and good thing I shared because both me and my sister couldn't even finish our own half!  The steak was sooo good. It was so flavorful without a topping or sauce. It was charred perfectly. Probably one of the best steaks I've eaten.  We also ordered the trio mac n cheese which was off the menu. It was regular mac n cheese, lobster, and truffle. This was good enough for 4 people. My favorite was the truffle mac n cheese.  We also shared the Brussels sprouts with bacon, also off the menu, and it was delicious. Just an FYI, the trio mac n cheese is $55. \n\nWe also got drinks which were on the pricey side. \n\nService was on point. Our server was really nice and the food came out quick.
I thought this bagel shop was ok. The bagel sandwich I got was relatively lackluster. I think I will stick to Einsteins for the time being.
Being from Hawaii and getting fresh fish for high prices, this place gives you the high quality of fresh fish, but with a much better pricing. I truly enjoyed this place, as service was spot on and food came out in a timely manner. Did not have to wait long after putting an order in. This is truly a fine dining type of meal and on my next visit will definitely be returning. I highly recommend this place. The must try was the Jalapeño Hamachi and the fish tacos which were the best I've ever had!
You never know how good you have it until it is gone, right? Well rest assured Thai Elephant isn't going anywhere, but I didn't realize how good this place is until I was out of town and visited another Thai restaurant. I compared the massaman curry dishes between the two restaurants. Big mistake. It instantly made me homesick for Thai elephant. I go here often during the lunch hour. Arrive early as the line grows quickly out the door. The staff is efficient and friendly, making this a great choice if you are looking for a quick sit-down option over the lunch hour.
Not only is the architecture of the indoor patio area of this restaurant beautiful, but the food is amazing as well! I highly recommend you visit if you find yourself on the Las Vegas Strip. I had the bruschetta appetizer and the linguine fruitti de mare entree for dinner and cannot speak highly enough about either. The bread was toasted perfectly and the seafood tasted very fresh. The service was great as well! All of the servers seem to work well together and are all very friendly. Great experience overall.
The food was terrible.\nActually soup base is ok,but inside meat and vegetables are not enough.\nBanchan is not enough and no taste.\nThe employee was kind but they are slowly and woowangjwawang(^^very not organized)\nThe interior was great but food was terrible.
Excellent food and prices unlike Most Vegas restaurants in the main hotels they are not pushy or posh. Simply good food at reasonable prices on a main hotel. (MGM)
This not stand out for me ????? ????, ????.                  I like the ????,  ?????????  Better services quality .   ?? ???. ????, ???? ???.
Had breakfast there with 2 friends, 9:30 on a Monday morn.\n\nPros;\n\nWasn't busy, and the cook cooked, took orders and served, and we were attended to as quickly and well as a place with multiple servers.  There were a couple other tables as well.  (By the time we left, another server had arrived.)\n\nRegular breakfast special was cheap and good.\n\nCons;\n\nHad that weird smell (disinfectant and grungy carpet) when I first walked in that I guess I got used to.\n\nPerfectly good place for a quick and easy breakfast.
Delicious gyro, but a little pricey...only one drink refill allowed?  Strange...but I would return if in the area!
If you enjoy waiting for your roast beef to be grass fed and raised in the back while you wait for 15yrs for your food to be ready, then this is the place for you!\n\nThe drive through is very smartly designed in such a way that once youve been waiting 20min, you cant leave because youre sandwiched in between the person in front of you who is still waiting to order l, and the girl behind you playing candycrush.\n\nAfter celebtating both my 30th and 31st birthday in line, i was pleased to receive the wrong order with cold fries.\n\nThe only thing that could have improved the experience would have been getting sprayed with tactical pepper spray and contracting HIV.\n\nWhen Santa brings your store coal, you can use it to heat your food.
This is my new go-to lunch spot! Her soups change regularly. Everything is homemade, natural, seasonal and fresh. She has cool creations like a white cheddar cheese pop tart. Today I had chicken Thai soup, the broth was so flavourful and it was packed with chicken and mushrooms yum! I also had the molasses lemonade which was an interesting twist and tasted very fresh. I've also had the lentilism soup which was very hardy with a curry flair. She caters to meat lovers, vegetarians, gluten free you name it- she'll have a delish homemade filling soup for you. $10 buys you a combo, soups around $6.50 for a good size.
Came through drive inn and took forever. Ordered 3 soft chicken tacos and one hard shell beef taco. Chicken was processed and tasteless. Got a soft beef taco instead of hard shell. Woman running drive thru didn't have my order right. First time eating here and is my last.
Everytime I'm near one, we go! I love the Hard Rock Cafe's! The Hard Rock Nachos was amazing! HUGE portion!\nIt's the 2nd largest Hard Rock in the nation! Orlando is #1. Fun, loud atmosphere with friendly service. And if you are a pin collector, you've got to check them out! I only collect drone HRC's I visit and the pin I collect has to be a guitar with the city or cafe name. Fun times, really good food!
I had such a lovely experience here from beginning to end. My 2 children ate free and loved their fish meal. We got delicious burgers and lemonade. And to finish it off, a free and oh so yummy chocolate chip cookie. You must go here!
I've never experienced how a pub-like bar should be like, so I wouldn't know what is good pub food.  The service was great, the people were friendly, and atmosphere was sports center like.  If you're looking to just chill and eat finger food with large portions, well then here's your place. The food is ok, it isn't horrible....but let's just say, I had better.  A group of our friends came in and ordered a bunch of stuff, mostly finger food.\n\n20 Wings (Spicy) - Someone told me it tasted like Hooters, so I dove in. Nope, it was nowhere near Hooters.  A little too spicy for my taste.  \n\nFried Calamari - Delicious, it had the sweet and spicy asian sauce on it which made it taste better.  Other than that it would be bland.  \n\nSweet potato fries - nothing special, but the dipping sauce was interesting. It was like cinnamon foam, it complimented the fries.  Without it, it wouldn't had much flavor.\n\nChicken Nachos - OMG! this was the dish of the night, no matter how much I ate it was still there.  The chips are so addicting, and the cheese is warm and soft.  I wouldn't mind returning here if I was to eat this, but hey there's still some other things on the menu I haven't tried yet.
Service is top notch, and food is also very good. I've been looking for this type of Chinese food since moving here.  It's a little bit pricey but it's really tasty and good.
The room at Westerly is cozy, warm (thank G-d, because I got stuck near the door), and buzzing. Both the bar and main dining room were at capacity throughout the night and the demographic in the room was vast and mixed. From well-dressed groups of couples in the above 40 category, to young pairs of girlfriends having a casual get together, it is clear that a classic yet diverse menu can ring in a large and diverse crowd.  My only criticism was that the room was just above my tolerable level of noise, and that's speaking as likely one of the youngest diners in the room! I suppose, the best solution to this problem would be to organize a large party and reserve the Westerly's 50-seat private dining room in the back, which seemed far less noisy when I peaked my head in at a group having dinner last night.\n\nWhile at times the noise did make it difficult to hear our adorable server speak, it did not in any way deter her from delivering exceptional service. She was quick to replace cutlery, refill water glasses, chat with us in detail about menu items, and respond when certain menu items were subpar. The whole meal was timed and spaced appropriately, and we were in and out in a comfortable 1 1/2 hours.\n\nThe drink menu at Westerly is short but agreeable. The wine offerings are mainly international (with a few Ontario whites), while the cocktails are all relatively classic and identifiable. Over the night we sampled a Manhattan, a Caesar, their signature, the Westerly Spritz (Aperol, Cassis, Cava, Soda, Orange) and a couple decaf cappuccinos. \n\nWhile the Manhattan was little watered down, the Caesar was fiery and bold, and despite the Spritz feeling refreshing and light, it could have used a spritz itself of something acidic.  We were both really impressed at the end of our meal with the perfectly smooth and frothy cappuccinos, joking that they might have been the highlight of the night.\n\nAnd it was indeed a joke, as there were moments of perfection in the food, but perhaps just not enough for us to get really excited about. Over the course of the night, we opted to share:\n \nArancini with Bocconcini, Lobster Bisque and Mizuna ($14.00)\n\nNot off to a great start. The arancini were were deliciously cheesy and crispy, but the accompanying bisque was problematic.  Not only were the lobster pieces incredibly overcooked, but the bisque itself was so oversalted, I wondered if a salt shaker had accidentally fallen into the pot.  I did mention this to our server, and she graciously comped our cappuccinos later in the evening.\n\nSmoked Trout on Potato Latke with Dill Creme Fraiche and Frisee ($12.00)\n\nThis one fared a bit better, but the salt level was still a bit overwhelming. The latke was not traditionally shredded, but rather, was more like a fluffy, light fried mashed potato cake. It would have made a great dish all on its own without the thickly cut salty trout on top.\n\nDuck Confit with Sour Cherry Jus, Grainy Mustard Mashed Potatoes, Fresh Vegetables ($25.00)\n\nThis was the better of the two mains. The duck was tender, and thankfully well seasoned, and the cherry jus had the perfect balance of sweet, tart and richness. The mashed potatoes were a little bit grainy and anemic, and I admit I could not detect any mustard notes, but the vegetables were just spot on. It always amazes me how many restaurants can't seem to cook basic vegetable garnishes and sides, but these were were beautifully tender crisp.\n\nBraised Lamb Shank with Sweet Dried Figs, Sundried Olives, Toasted Pistachio, Tomato Jus, Israeli Cous Cous ($24.00)\n\nFar less successful was the lamb. I have to wonder if the kitchen took my complaint about the arancini as an indicator I'm sensitive to salt. Actually, I'm probably more sensitive to UNDER seasoned food, which is exactly what this lamb suffered.  The braising technique no doubt contributed to the lamb's delicate and juicy consistency, but if I were evaluating just on flavour, I would have guessed the shank had simply been boiled in water. It just didn't taste like anything. While I at least got a nice flavour profile in the side dish, with the sweet figs, salty olives, and earthy pistachios, the couscous was overcooked and really just dissolved in the mote of tomato jus that flooded the basin of the plate.\n\nCaramel Pudding with Salted Caramel Rice Crispy Cookie ($7.50)\n\nWell, I often say that dessert can make or break a meal for me. And the Westerly is lucky I've got a sweet tooth because there were numerous menu options that appealed. In the end, however, with the help of our server, I was able to make my decision. Exactly as she described, the pudding was rich and thick with a slightly bitter burnt caramel flavour. Definitely not the cloying sweet butterscotch variety you get from the package, and absolutely delicious with the super salt...
They have a great little buffet that changes every day. Sat have fajitas and they are super yummy. \n\nBut I highly recommend asking to to sit with Debbie, she has been here forever. And even after on the away she remembers your order. \nAnd the chips and dips are great.
I've had a few things on the menu here, I prefer the breakfast options, waffles with brule banana, oh yea delish.  But the cheese soufflé omelette, every bite was a delight
I travel a lot and always try to have that one Korean restaurant in every city. This is the go to place for Korean food in Charlotte. It serves Chinese food too but this is an authentic Korean restaurant, they serve Korean bbq barbecue too! Minae who works there is so sweet and makes you feel at home (she was named in the newspaper!). Their Korean appetizers bring back my childhood memories, they're entrees are so good that I eat here for lunch and dinner, everyday. No Korean soju liquor but they do serve beer which is always ice cold and refreshing, go for something local like Sugar Creek White Ale.
The service here is always really fast, food is always great. \nThis is one of my fiancé and my favorite informal/inexpensive restaurants to go to. I always get the classic chicken taco platter and it's always good. Like always. I'm here weekly, I've NEVER had a bad order (knock on wood). They also have an awesome salsa bar! \n\nI do have one suggestion if management is reading...I work around this area and often call my order in. No fail every time I'm put on hold they forget about me lol sometimes they just put the phone down and I just hear them talking in the background. I would definitely implement a better system for call in orders. \nOtherwise, this place rocks!!!
Disclaimer: I would rate this place 5 stars for service alone. For food review, read on. ;)\n\nCame here this evening with my wife and 2 year old son. We were warmly greeted by an exceptionally nice young lady named Jasmine (sorry if I spelled her name wrong) who gave us great recommendations. The staff at the order counter were personable and fun. After paying, Jasmine helped carry one of our trays to our table since my wife was carrying our son. She cleared the trays, and proceeded to check back with us regularly throughout our dinner. The food was very good- I got a Katsu which was HUGE and my wife got an udon she really enjoyed! The food I would give a 4/5, keeping in mind that this is a cafeteria style place- it's not a 5 Star restaurant so ratings need to adjust accordingly, right? At one point I needed to go get a drink for my Son, and they had a long line, so I asked if I could just grab a drink cup, and come back and pay for it later. Jasmine handed me a drink cup, and said not to worry about it. That seems like a very little thing, right? Its hard sometimes explaining exactly what makes exceptional service exceptional- it can be a bit intangible, you know? I've had waiters do everything right and still be subpar because they were clearly going through the motions- I think the service here is a step above because it's WARM. Like, the staff actually care about being nice, and they are very genuine. So I guess I could talk about their thoughtfulness and attention to detail too, but it ultimately comes down to actually caring, which they do. \n\nWe will definitely come back here, and probably would even come back if we were less impressed with the food. Management, if you read this, make Jasmine a manager or give her a store, whatever. You can train people really well, but you can't train authenticity- a person has it, or they don't. Your staff has it, and I was happier with Jasmine than I have been with waiters in many 5-Star restaurants.
I've never had a burger here, I strictly come for their grilled chicken salad. I usually come to this location because it's close to work, but I've never had an issue with their chicken salads at any location. It's always busy at lunch time, but their salads are worth the wait! Their veggies are always crisp, chicken always hot and fresh and it's a good portion for the price. It's important that salads mainly consist of mixed greens (which is what they serve) instead of iceberg lettuce, otherwise, where's the nutrition in that?? They seem to have healthy choices in mind for patrons who are looking for a lighter fare. I also love the plentiful pepper bar! I've tried their sweet potato fries and shakes too which are also delicious. \n\nThe manager here is awesome! He is always smiling and attentive to his customers as well as his staff. It really looks like the employees have a good time while they're working. They had a glitch with their register once and one of the cashiers brought over my food where I was sitting, she was really sweet! \n\nOverall, this place is great! I'll continue being a regular customer as long as I'm around the area :)
The drive through was very quick and service was friendly.\n\nHowever, I could not finish the burger. I took a couple bites and had to quit. There was so much grease. I regret not going to In-N-Out Burger. :-( \n\nThe fries for whatever reason were not over powered in grease and actually were pretty good.
Did not see that they were closed on Mondays.  Walked in to a private party, but was invited to stay and eat with the owner (Aldo) and his friend. Great food and great company.
The service is immaculate here. Best location hands down. I live on the west side and have 3 natives closer but I choose to come to this one bc the service is so good. The servers are so friendly and very hard working.
Wake up Madison & Verona. You need to experience Cuco's. Don't let the opportunity pass you by. Great authentic Mexican food. We've been five or six times and everything is a hit. Enchiladas, burritos, the molcajete is great (eat the cactus people!). Great service, extremely friendly staff.
Okay so to start off with, I am being very generous with 3 stars because their boneless chicken Zingers are so appetizing. However, while this may be true the service we received at the booth by the bar fell below our expectations. Firstly, I take into account that around 10pm on a Saturday it was a bit busy for just a couple of servers. We ordered calamari for an appetizer, Zingers, and fries. When our server came, he took our order without writing it down which is fine as long as it was done right. The chicken Zingers came and after a while had passed no fries. We told our server and he said that they were making new ones. A minute later, an order of fries sat where the cooks are and sat and sat. We were finished with our Zingers and when our server came back I told him instead of the fries that never came I'd like a dessert. I asked for his recommendation and ordered Capt. Jack's Buried Treasure, it was really good. We didn't get our fries delivered to the table or an apology of any kind. Just an, "Oh S**t!"
Use to go to the Wynn Buffet\nNow I am going both\nI woudn't be able to choose which one is the best\nFood is excellent and various\nLOVE IT
This is definitely not someplace you go because of the food.  You go to Whistler's because of its convenient location and inexpensive Magner's cider on tap.\n\nWe were lucky and a had a tremendous waiter twice the same evening (before and after a show).   He can't do anything about the quality of the food -  but he was attentive to us in an unobtrusive way.  This would be a half or one-star review without the good wait staff. \n\nOne of the worst, industrial quality grey burgers I've ever had outside of the public school system.  The sweet potato fries at Burger King are better (and they aren't great either).  \n\nWe ordered a cheese platter during our second visit the other night.  At least one of the cheeses was past its sell-by-date. \n\nReally unfortunate. \n\nThe location means we'd be happy to go there and spend $$$ if the food was at least adequate.   \n\nDon't come here if you're with people who care about food.
My husband and I have been here several times and always have had a pleasant experience. Delicious food, big portions, great atmosphere.
This place is so addictive!  I am constantly thinking about Bachi Burger and how I want more.  The sweet potato fries are delicious, the burgers are inventive (but not so much that they taste weird).  The service is friendly.  They are always happy to explain what a menu item is if you have questions!
I've been burned by the service here before but this is the first time I've dealt with getting served in dirty dishes and at a dirty table. The waitress had us waiting for a while to seat us without a word, sat is at a sticky table, was quick with our order like she was in a hurry...there are only a couple other tables with people here, served me milk in a glass that had food stuck inside it, didn't ask if we wanted anything else before dropping the check in on us and walking away. The only reason we came here was for a dessert and our usual late night date place, IHOP, didn't have much of a dessert selection. I don't think we'll be coming to this Dennys again.
Great atmosphere, great neighbourhood, dim lighting, really cool vintage stereo... only guys with cool beards working, so pretty standard hip restaurant I'd say. The service was a little slow, but understandable for a Friday night... but they were really nice about it, and friendly... non of the entitled hipster attitude, which is common now for Toronto restaurants. \n\nI liked the vibe of this place and do want to return, however the food didn't impress me much, it was good... but just not good enough if you're paying their prices. The highlight of the dinner was the perfectly made sticky toffee pudding, delicious. The hen and the burger were just decent. I think I'd stick to the brunch menu here from now on...
I am a big PHO fan and you should have it here.\n\nBut there is a WEEKEND ONLY special which you should also try!! The Vietnamese crepe- Banh Xeo. This is a yellow crepe made with rice flour, coconut milk and turmeric; filled with minced chicken, shrimp, beansprouts and green onions. Served with Lettuce and fresh basil, cilantro and mint.\nYou take a piece of leaf lettuce and place a piece of crepe and filling inside, top with fresh herbs, roll it up, dip in the sauce and eat. It all sort of falls apart and is super messy- but DELISH!!\n\nThe new design and space is beautiful and clean. A big bench area for people waiting for take-out that does not infringe on dining space.\n\nUsually very busy, but the servers seem to keep up well and with energetic efficiency.\nBeer in bottles only, but that is better than none.
Great spot for any occasion!!! \nI go here way too often whether it be in the day time for a coffee date, for drinks at night with a big group of friends or a casual date night.\nBig space with great ambience, friendly staff, cheap beers and very reasonably priced cocktails. The music is good but not too loud so you have conversations with no problem! \nFood is a bit pricey but it's actually pretty good so no complaints about this place!!
This place is right up the street from us and we haven't been in years. My daughter wanted sushi for her birthday and I was craving their "school of fish" (a DELICIOUS basket of fried baby sardines) so off we went. It was just as I remembered, small and cozy. We were a group of 5 but they made room for us right away. We were looking forward to trying the salmon cheek and the "magic carpet" but apparently they were out that day. Disappointing, but ah well. The waitress was obviously new and had to leave and double check everything, but I actually prefer that to someone who pretends to know and gets it wrong. And she was so sweet! Food was great and presentation amazing. I have to get here more often.
Best Chicago dog I've ever had!!! Got home after eating it and went straight back for a second one!!!
We were in from out of town and looked this place up on Yelp. Read some pretty good reviews so we thought we would give it a try. Ordered two different personal size pizzas and they were both excellent. Service was very friendly and fast and helpful.
Came to Del's for my birthday dinner this year.  We arrived early thinking we would get a drink at the bar.  Their VIP drink is my favorite drink ever.  To our surprise we were seated immediately.  Service was terrific.  Several staff members checked on us and wished me a happy birthday.  Everything on the menu looked so good we ordered way more food then we could eat.  We started with crab cake, seafood soup and Caesar salad.  For mains we got shrimp scampi and bone-in rib eye.  Lobster mac and cheese, chateau potatoes and onion rings were the sides.  Our food was excellent.  I would pass on the seafood soup and onion rings next time though.  Nothing wrong with them, just personal preference.  We finished the meal with a complimentary slice of their famous lemon cake and a card signed by the staff.  A few days later we got a thank you card in the mail from our server.  That was a first for me.  I'm sure they make her do it but it was still a nice touch.  Overall, Del's is a solid choice for an off strip steakhouse.\n\n\nOh and at Thanksgiving you order to-go side dishes!
After a long and hot drive to get to Vegas, and then a very long e-checkin line at the Bellagio, we were quite hungry and immediately went to look for something to eat. We were dressed in resort casual attire, and we were hoping to hit our regular dinner spot but found the wait too long, so we decided to try Harvest, mostly because there was no line, no wait - shocking for 9:00 on a Saturday night! We were immediately seated, but while reviewing the menu, our waiter slyly insulted my husband's attire, stating that "my friends make fun of me for dressing like a 15-year-old boy, too!" I'm proud of my hubby for not letting the pretentious, middle-aged-male server's bad attitude ruin our night - we were just too tired and hungry- but it did resonate with us the entire stay at the "resort hotel," and, frankly dinner didn't taste so great after that!  \n\nSo, needless to say, service (server) was terrible, food was dry, and, overall, not favorably memorable at all.
We've had a few late night orders from Boston Pizza, and it always arrives within 45 minutes and tastes great! I almost gave 4 stars, but upped it to five as there is a delivery driver that is hysterical and always is a pleasure to see. I've still never been in their building, we've only used delivery - but it was pretty convenient. Give them a try!
food was pretty good, but the restaurant is filthy. i went in around 8, it was slow, and every single table was dirty. there was trash all over the floor, and all of the employees were standing behind the counter talking/ laughing. makes me reluctant to go back.
Pot Stickers and Duck Pad Thai FTW!!
Ugh. DMV residents can't even get away from Jose Andres in Las Vegas.  But oh well - we decided to give it a try.  We were most definitely not going to eat at Jaleo since you can throw a rock out the Washington Monument and hit one.  China Poblano was to be our JA experience at the Cosmopolitan.  \n\nThe restaurant is on the small side, but, as all of JA's restaurants, colorfully decorated.  We got When Pigs Fly, which are the more traditional steam Chinese buns and not the type of buns you would expect from a ramen house, for example.  Vietnamese also eat these type of buns - ban bao - usually filled with an egg and meat.  These buns were just ok, but not what i wanted or expected.  I got the fish tacos, which were just seared fish with marinated onions.  They left something to be desired.  The BF got the Queso Fundido, which was the best thing we had.  It was melted Menonita cheese, tequila and he added chorizo.  The tortillas were warm and tasted oh so gooey and ooey once we tore the tortillas up and dug into the melted yummy-ness.  \n\nChina Poblano was good, but like a typical Jose Andres restaurant, a mixture of Spanish and Asian spices and tastes, where some of the dishes are a standout and the rest are just fillers. There are just so many other places to go on the Strip, might as well skip this one unless you are staying in the Cosmo and need a quick bite.
Great sushi, tip sit at the sushi bar and chat up them up they will always hook you up with something a little extra.  The sushi is pretty good above average. I think hibachi meals are pretty large for their price.  Consider that you are in concord and that you are getting sushi this place is decent.  Way better than tsunami.
Thanksgiving dinner!\n\nWe didn't feel like destroying the kitchen, plus I had a gift card so we made reservations to The Keg. We were escorted to a comfy booth in the back (My seat did have a noticeable large tear in it exactly where you would sit, minor point but you might want to get it reupholstered : ) ). I had the Thanksgiving meal, a three-course of Caesar salad, sliced turkey plate with mashed potatoes, stuffing, cranberry sauce, steamed vegetables, and a cheesecake with pumpkin spice drizzle. I also tried some lobster and the prime rib. \n\nThe Thanksgiving meal was decent, and admittedly their strong suit isn't poultry. The stuffing was a bit mushy, the turkey was tender, but not really inspiring any "wow" factor. I did like the cranberry sauce since it wasn't overloaded with sugar like the stuff in the Ocean Spray can is. The mashed potatoes and veggies were very basic, nothing too awe inspiring.\n\nThe steak and seafood were a lot better. The prime rib had good flavor, and was a good portion for the price. It's no Durant's prime rib in terms of tenderness, but then again you aren't paying Durant's prices :). The lobster I had was delicious, full of flavor, cooked just right. The cheesecake was pretty basic, and the crust tasted more like sugar than graham cracker.\n\nService was great and a manager even stopped by each table to make sure everyone was having a good experience here. \n\nOverall, it's a good option if you're in Tempe and want steak or seafood.
Every. Single. Thing. I tried was delicious.\n\nSorry, its annoying when people write like that but I was trying to convey my point. I picked this spot for a dinner during a business trip with coworkers. I wanted something off the strip with a lot of variety and this place had promising ratings. \n\nI can't remember everything we had because we started ordering a bunch of different tapas off the menu. I do remember delicious empanadas and patatas bravas though! Their sangria is a must try! I had a reservation, so we were promptly seated even though we were missing a couple of people. Service was fairly quick even though this place was packed for a Wednesday night. \n\nThank you to all the Yelpers who led me to this place. I impressed the big bosses and they left with a new favorite restaurant to visit during future visits! Please get off the strip for a bit and visit this place - you will not regret it!!
Came here with my volleyball team after our game at Rallypointe. \n\nI find the selection of Asian cuisine in the deep south to be limited so Spring was a welcome surprise when a teammate recommended them for post game noms. \n\nWe arrived 40 minutes before close and they happily accommodated us. I had the pho tai and I'm happy to report the broth was hot and rich, and noodles were plentiful. The vegetable toppings were fresh as well. \n\nAs far as service is concerned, it's no different than any other Vietnamese restaurant in town. The server grabbed our orders, dropped off our food, and went away somewhere. He wasn't seen again until it was time to pay. \n\nThe prices were reasonable but a bit more expensive due to the lack of competition in the area. If anyone else can recommend a decent Vietnamese restaurant in the deep Southwest, let me know! Otherwise, Spring is a decent choice but not my first.
It's not bad in any way, shape, or form... But it's not great. I had high hopes given the reviews, but the broth just wasn't rich enough or close to what I'm used to for Japanese ramen. I'm guessing it's owned by Koreans given the staff and flavor profiles. \n\nI had the spicy miso and okinomiyaki... Both were decent. I'll probably come back,but only after I try the other ramen spots.\n\nExtra star for fast and friendly service.
Went here for lunch during the work week; ordered the chicken pad thai with peanut sauce on the side. Although I was a little dismayed by the outside appearance of the place and fact that the dining room was tiny, with the kitchen right next to some of the tables, the food more than made up for appearances. The portion was large and very flavorful, in addition to being a great value for the price, and it was made exactly how I would have liked it with a choice of spice level. I can't wait to go back.
Food was okay but really overpriced.  For dinner, I ordered a half Reuben & Matzo ball soup... it cost almost $20 o_O  Granted, I also got way too much food; they basically give you a FULL bowl of soup when you sub in the Matzo ball soup.  But still, it just wasn't good enough to warrant spending that much money on a regular soup & sandwich combo (no drink included!)\n\nService was also kind of bad... just slow, confused, and not particularly friendly or helpful.  It took a long time for us to get our food, and they kept bringing us the wrong order.  The sandwiches are quite large so I recommend sharing if you aren't super hungry.  The Reuben was tasty, but the Matzo ball soup was just mediocre.\n\nZoozaCrackers is probably the only cheap and quick dining option inside the Wynn; however, it's nothing to go out of  your way for.  Earl of Sandwich is better and cheaper (though smaller portions).  Even if I were staying at the Wynn, I probably wouldn't come back.
Love this place. Went here a few years back and it was fantastic. Loved the hotel, room, and entertainment b offered by the hotel. There is just so much to do in the hotel. From the enormous drinks available for purchase to the endless game tables. There is pretty much something for everybody to do. It is scorching hot if you go here in the summer. I preferred to stay inside the hotel where there is air conditioning. Oh, the buffet here is off the hook. They have mountains of bacon available for the breakfast buffet. What more could you ask for. Definitely coming back soon and will make sure I book my reservation for the MGM. TOP NOTCH, CLASSY, AND DISTINGUISHED.
Uncle Sam's cheese steaks are great... but don't try anything else.\n\nI thought I'd try a stromboli which is rare to find here in AZ as an ex-east coaster.  I walked in and placed an order to go which is also probably a bad idea due to the fact that the person taking my order didn't listen.  An additional mistake is not checking my order and catching it before I left but I ended up with a calzone which has ricotta cheese which I hate.  I had two bites and threw it away.  The crust is tasteless and somehow the steak tasted so bland outside of that fresh roll.  May not be back for awhile.
I love Culvers but there are like none on the east coast. So when I saw this one I had to stop! I was greeted right away and the staff was very friendly and the food was fresh and delicious! It was very clean also.
Sunday Bluegrass Brunch is brillant.  Feels like a quirky southern place with refined food, live music for the in the know set. The best outdoor place to eat breakie in vegas bar none.  Short cab from chaos on the strip. Make sure you have waiter call you a cab at least 20 mins before you leave as there is no hailing one.  A bit pricy but so is everything in vegas. I believe this may be my best "off the beaten path" brunch find yet.
Exceptional customer service at this location and the pizza is really good. Our first time sampling their menu and I was not disappointed. They were fast getting our order out because the team was prepared and ready to go! Will order there again in the near future. \nThank you from Goodfellow Movers.
Two words... feta fries\n\nI promise you, the photo doesn't do these fries justice. They're out of this world. And honestly, make up for the flavor lacking in everything else. The chicken was dry and the steak was very bland. I would say the meal was entirely subpar, however the fries and cookies are enough for me to come back.
This was my first time to Vegas. I was there for work and wanted a place to get some good food, a beer, and to watch some Monday night football.  I'm sad to say this was the wrong place to go for food.  Now, before I go on, I want you to know the bartenders were friendly and there were TVs everywhere, so the meal wasn't a total loss.  After sitting at the bar and grabbing a beer I ordered some mussels and fries.  The food came out quickly enough, but half of the mussels were closed and inedible.  Others were small and overcooked.  The fries were no better.  There are much better options for eats in this city.
WOW, $$$$ for what you get. Not that good. Everyone was so disappointed in their meal. Apps good and a great sommelier, but that's it. Uneven service and grossly overpriced for what you get. Won't be back.
The food was great, we recently moved from Texas right down the street from Louisiana and when I tell you this is it, this is truly the taste of Louisiana.  If you want good food and good atmosphere this is a great place to start, but I only have one bad thing to say about this place there is only one stall in the ladies room. One person at a time.
Best lunch place ever. If you go, you need to get the sticky rice and the pad-Thai, however they run out pretty quickly of these so try to go around noon (twice I went around 3 and they were out of pad-Thai). They have other good salads as well. I've never tried their sandwiches but my boyfriend has and he said they were very good and very big for the price! Also, this place is really inexpensive (I don't think I've ever spent more than 9$ here).
We were so disappointed. We ordered a waffle plate and it came out cold. Then our other order never came out so I told the cashier and no apology whatsoever. Got sick of waiting and just left. And no it wasn't busy at all. \nFood sucked and service sucked.
Excellent service! Staff was super friendly and helpful. I've been to other pho restaurants in Chinatown and was not too impressed with service or staff, but this spot is a keeper!  Will be back again  for sure!
Had dinner at Slice of Vegas last night and it was ok.  The pizza was good, but nothing special.  The muscles were DELISH though!!  I also felt very rushed to hurry up and order.  The server was nice, but before we even had a chance to look at the menu, he was already back asking if we were ready.   To add on top of that, they weren't even that busy...\nNot sure if we'll return.
What a disappointment! Be honest guys when asked about a status of the delivery, say it's not done on time or will be delayed instead of lying! Do we have to wait for nothing while all the visitors are starving? We paid for the delivery, we ordered so many, gave you my phone numbers, why not make a phone call instead of us calling you 3 times and you said it is "probably" on the way to find out after few hours late, food are still sitting in the restaurant. I was not happy with the service and the quality of food as well, seems like going downhill! We ended up picking up the foods, what a hassle!!
The bread was cold and tasteless. The butter was cold and hard. Both of these things were supposed to be warm and soft.\n\nThe steak was pretty ok, but way too much garlic in the sauce. \n\nThe servers were quick about getting refills, but not so much on taking the glasses, which meant we had way too many glasses on the table.\n\nOur server was very friendly and pleasant.\n\nOverall, pretty ok. Nothing extraordinary.
Crazy little dessert place in the middle of nowhere that serves up a lot more than just dessert.  If Hubs and I hadn't already eaten elsewhere, we might have taken a chance on the food here, but as it was, all we wanted was some good ice cream.  And this tiny little restaurant served up just that.\n\nCounter personnel were nice.  They seemed like high school kids doing a "first" job, but they were pleasant enough and efficient.\n\nSundaes were perfect and hit the spot.  It wasn't overly busy when we were there (weekend night about an hour before closing), but people were coming in and out on a regular basis, so it's pretty obvious that this place is getting "known".  I wouldn't have expected such goodness in what looks like an abandoned little town (really, we would have never found it without directions), but more fools us!\n\nWhen we come back to the P'burgh, we'll definitely stop in again and try the food next time.  Very impressive.
6 of us felt like bbq on Labor Day was an appropriate way to officially celebrate the end of our summer but didn't want to deal with the actual hassle of cooking.  Bobby Q hit the spot. We started with the hot wings--all drummettes--kind of standard hot wing fare. \n\nWe all shared the "whole hog" platter which consisted of 2 slabs of ribs and 2 different bbq meats. They ran out of baby back ribs (booooo...) so we got the St. Louis ribs and the beef brisket and sliced bbq pork.  All very good stuff. The meat was tender and flavorful. I particularly liked the brisket. The waitress said that the "whole hog" would feed 3-4 people so we ordered the fried catfish as well.  I guess she meant 3-4 HUGE people, because it fed 6 of us and we still had leftovers (4 guys and 2 girls). The catfish was also good, not overcooked. We shared 4 sides: mac & cheese, mashed potatoes, grilled veggies, and roasted corn. The sides were quite satisfying, but not outstanding. \n\nWe all ordered the fresh lemonade as a beverage--good but too sweet so I had ask for unsweetened ice tea to balance it out. Again, we were all too stuffed for dessert. \n\nMiss C and I agreed that we would definitely come back and take advantage of their happy hour specials--1/2 off margaritas, doubles for the price of singles, and 1/2 off apps--Tues-Fri from 4-8 pm.
I've been here several times and the food has always been great and the serves has been even better.  Shout out to my server today Kayla for her great service today.
Were told to take table at the end of the patio. No one came to ask about drinks or anything until I came to front 10 min later and asked if anyone would serve us.  It serves Mexican food but there is no complimentary chips. Overall wait time was more than 45 minutes. Really? For chicken fajitas and tortilla soup?! And they were not busy. The size of the portions not adequate for the price. You are paying for being in the heart of Scottsdale.   And the morale is - don't forget to read Yelp before going anywhere. Everything people said before about the business appeared right!
Below average food but a good beer selection. I ordered the fish taco's and they were cold. My friend ordered the sliders and they were undercooked with a small medallion of meat that only covered half the bun. Probably won't be back for a while
Used to be a FIVE STAR place. These days, we can't seem to get the right order half the time (last time we ordered a pasta dish we received a container of hot sauce...no pasta) or even order at all. Online ordering has been hosed for a couple months now. You get all the way thru your order to have your card declined. Call it in with no problem.\n\nSeveral phone calls and online convos later...it's still not fixed.\n\nBummer...used to be the BEST place (for several YEARS) for deliver on the SW side of Madison.
I was introduced to Deflaco's Italian Grocery last summer and I can't believe I had made it so long, living right down the street without ever stopping in! While I've never purchased anything from the grocery or deli, they do have a ton of traditional Italian products for sale. Everything you'd need to prepare a delicious Italian feast! \n\nWhat I go there for are the sandwiches. I'm a HUGE fan of their tuna sandwiches. I order them with lettuce, tomatoes, onions and pepperoncinis. I also LOVE the macaroni pasta salad, but only get that if I can restrict myself to half of a tuna sandwich. I've had the egg salad before, and while it's an acceptable alternative when they're out of tuna, I only order it when I can't get my fav. They've got a pretty decent beer selection too which is great if you're stopping in on a Sunday afternoon and would like an "adult beverage" with your meal. \n\nI've not yet tried their pizza or pasta, but will be sure to post an update once I do. It always looks and smells delicious!
Home made and healthy food. Excellent quality and big quantity with nice and clean place.Very reasonable price compare to others.\nI highly recommend this restaurant.
If you're at the MGM Grand, this is a fun place to grab a drink and some Mexican food. Typical Mexican restaurant menu. The quality of the food and margaritas is good. The guacamole is amaze balls.  Because of the setup of the restaurant, there's a lot of foot traffic with people walking by so it's a great place to people watch. Staff was very friendly and accommodating.
When it comes to Vincenzo's, I'm officially a bit of an addict. Funny enough, I've never set place in the actual shop - I order my food from them via Grubhub. So this review is purely for food and delivery service.\n\nWhy do I say I'm a bit of an addict? Because when it comes to pizza places, it's often really, really hard for me to find reasonably portioned pizzas. Seriously - if you set a pizza in front of me, I will eat most of, if not all, of it. And when even most small pizzas are pretty huge, this means that often I just have to forgo pizza delivery in favor of a smarter dinner option. But then there's Vincenzo's, which actually has an appetizer that is basically a small four-piece pizza with any toppings you pick. Yum! And the one I got was still fresh from the oven - it was a little circle of cheesy, topping loaded heaven.\n\nAlso, I really enjoy being able to order soup from here - it's a handy go-to if I'm feeling too sick to cook. You have to like Wedding or Chicken Noodle when ordering through GrubHub, but hey, it works for me! And by the way: LOVE their cheesecake! I had a piece of Oreo cheesecake tonight that was really quite good. Not Cheesecake Factory good, sure, but sometimes, you just want a bit of chocolate, and boy does this place meet that requirement!\n\nAs for the people, from my experience they're really considerate. I may order through an app most of the time, but if there's a problem, the staff has no problem calling me right up to let me know and offer an alternative. They've always delivered about 30 minutes ahead of the projected time, too - talk about speedy!\n\nHonestly, since I'm paying about $11 per order WITH a 15% tip to this place, I really can't complain. And even though the food isn't the greatest EVAR, I like it. They're affordable, they're reasonable, and honestly, sometimes you just need a few basics: pizza, soup, sandwiches, cheesecake, whatever. Thanks for being my go-to for some pretty good basics, guys!
On our way to the Hoover Dam in Nevada, we came across The Chicken Shack. We decided to stop by to try something diffrent. We did not know what to expect, at first glance I was kinda worried about how clean it would be, but as soon as we walked in my worry went away. This place is SUPER clean!!! Restrooms are clean. The cashier is super friendly and very helpful. We told her it was our first time and she explained the menu. \n\nThe menu consists of mainly chicken fingers and fried wings. They also have chesseburger, chicken sandwhich, and salads. They have a variety of sauces and dressings. They offer beer and fountain drinks. \n\nWe ordered our food and sat at the front  patio. The food arraived very quickly. The portions are big. You defenetly get for what you pay for. Nice country music playing. Very good, I will be stopping by next time im in the area.
I ordered the salmon egg Benedict with pineapple juice and half an hour later felt nauseous and ended up throwing up due to food poisoning. Won't be coming back here again.
What a great Sunday brunch spot. Right away we knew we wanted to sit outside on the patio. We put our name into the hostess and she told us it was 45 minutes for first available. Sat down outside and got a Bloody Mary and sangria at the bar. The time didn't go by too slow and before we knew it we got a text letting us know the table was ready. To start we had the chips and guac. FIRE stuff right there. We also asked for lemons with our waters 3 different times and they never came. Food was great and came out the kitchen quickly. Had the eggs Benedict and hotcakes. WOW. Delicious.
I've been going to China Bowl since forever. I always come and get an order of their buffalo wings. It's so delicious! Giving only three stars because the quality of the wings have gone down. They used to be so plump and lately, my wings have been tiny and over fried. Hopefully they fix this!
After living in the area for so long and never trying Chan An, I decided to give it a go a few weeks back. Glad I did, because I'm now a fan.\n\nIt's definitely better than Phong May House (see my review if you want to compare). I think my initial reservations about going here revolved around what it looked like from the outside, and to some degree what it looks like on the inside as well. It's in the Crafton Ingram Shopping Center and it looks like a dive. But it's a great dive. There are tables for dine-in eating, but I'd say more than 90% of Chan An's business is take out. They don't do delivery.\n\nBut that's no big deal, as the food is always ready in about ten minutes, unless they're really busy, in which case it'll be twenty. So what's good here?\n\nWell, for starters, I love the wonton soup. Chan An uses a dark broth that is actually packed with flavor, unlike all the other Chinese eateries in the area which stick to a chicken-based broth, which is always flavorless for the most part. I don't get how that happens. Someone please explain it to me. The lack of flavor, not the base, that is.\n\nI'm a fan of the sweet and sour pork here, as well as the cashew chicken. I've noticed Chan An likes to use lightly battered dark meat pieces of chicken with a darker sauce when it comes to some of their dishes such as the cashew chicken. It can sometimes be a little salty, but most days it's right on the money. Plus they also throw in water chestnuts, which I love and wish more Chinese restaurants would do.\n\nThe egg rolls are really good. Not greasy, not overdone, but just right. The fried wontons are good and the beef on the stick is amazing. It's not your usual beef on a stick. Well, it is, but then they wind up deep frying the beef before skewering it, and I've never had it like that, but it's really tasty. It bring out the sweetness of the beef really well.\n\nThe people who run the place are super friendly and they'll do their best to accommodate your tastes if you want something made a little differently. The prices are good and in line with other affordable Chinese restaurants. So don't let the look of the place fool you. Chan An does a lot of business and I'd say that's mostly down to the quality of their food. Convenience is nice, too, but that doesn't always make for tasty eats. So give these guys a try if you've been on the fence about 'em like I was. I dig their vittles. \n\nUPDATE: 12/22/2014\n\nI'm upping my review of Chan An's to five stars (from four). It's become my regular go-to stop for quick and tasty Chinese food. The whole place is like one big happy family between the employees and the clientele. Everyone who goes is pretty much a regular.\n\nA couple nights ago, I went and after I came in and placed my order, a small army arrived behind me. It got rather crowded quickly with everyone standing around waiting to get their takeout. At one point, the cashier was trying to tell one of the customers where the various sauce packets were and saw that there was one packet of soy sauce left in the bin. I offered to help him restock, and he directed me to where they kept all the packets. I was soon refilling the bins as fast as I could. It was amusing. It's that kind of place.\n\nI returned again last night and te same guy and I talked a bit while I was waiting for my order. He had gone to the Strip District earlier in the day and bought some cheese. So we started discussing our mutual love for cheese, and I directed him to Wheel and Wedge and their great cheeses. He sliced off a piece of his Strip District cheese and handed it to me to share. It was tasty. I know this has nothing to do with Chan An's food, but it's this sort of laidback and enjoyable experience that keeps me coming back as much as the vittles.
Great sliders and garlic knots!  The day we went in they had a 'imited menu'. Most of the items on the menu weren't available. Ordered a cheese pizza the next day. Much too cheesy for us.
food is great, service on this day is slow could be the "PROJECT TACO" going on across the street. few people but only one server and one cook.
First time coming to this place and it was definitely better than I was expecting. I used to frequent another Japanese restaurant in this area and after this visit I will come back to teriyaki II instead. The hibachi was very tasteful and I loved the noodles! I got the yum yum roll and it was so good, but I wish the spicy mayo was thicker. I could barely see any. I also thought the sweet tea tasted a few days old, that's the only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5. Good place to dine in or Togo!
The service here is horrible. We came here last year and had a horrible experience but decided to give it another chance. Big mistake! Nobody should ever have to wait 20-25 minutes after being seated to just receive drinks. It wasn't even crowded. The waitress was not very nice at all and the food wasn't good. Will not be back!
I rarely eat hamburgers but my wife was starving and we were in the area so why not?  I've always had a Fuddruckers nearby wherever I have lived but had never actually stepped inside of one til this time.  I wasn't expecting much.  \n\nMy wife got the three cheese 1/2 lb burger which was probably one of the juiciest burgers I had ever tasted.  Huge!!  We were both glad we didn't order fries.  I ordered the ostrich burger which was less juicy but still very tasty.  \n\nThey also had 1 pound burgers available w/ an even bigger bun for it.  We probably could've ordered that and split it I guess.  Didn't actually get to see anyone inhale one of those but it would've been amusing.  \n\nI also liked the condiments/toppings stations they offered.  All the veggies were pretty fresh.  I was also thinking people could really get away w/ making their own salad here accompany their burger.  I guess they could just smuggle some dressing in or something.  \n\nMy wife loved this place.  We'll be back if we're around the area again.
Great quality foods... not very fancy but taste really good. Also reasonable prices. \nThe spice is just right and the ingredients are fresh. The Service is acceptable as well.
La maison Christian Faure est une charmante adresse à visiter. Que ce soit pour se delecter d'une de leurs patisseries, pour un lunch ou brunch, vous serez ravis. \n\nLeurs patisseries sont à s'en lécher les doigts! L'eclair vanille-framboise ou le nougatier, deux choix très gourmands et très savoureux. Toutes les patisseries sont disponibles en format gateau sur commande. Le délicieux Paris-Brest est un superbe gateau très apprecié des convives.\n\nLe brunch royal est très complet et intéressant, je recommande. Le cafe est très bon, préparé avec soin et accompagné d'un choix de viennoiseries. Le benedictine est raffiné servi avec pain dore delicieux, fruits et sirop d'erable. \n\nLe menu lunch a lui aussi de quoi plaire avec des salades inventives que j'essaierais une autre fois.
The portions are huge! The food is pretty good too! The menu is really large and service was pretty fast. I felt like I barely put a dent in my pasta and the bf's chicken was a huge plate.
Probably the worst cup of coffee I've ordered in Madison.  The seating is crowded and uncomfortable.  Also, had to use the Christian Stores Wifi.  I'll skip this place next time.
Horrible, high priced and no customer service. Went in with a party of 4 ordered 2 steaks n 2 seafood dinners. All  4 dinners were under cooked, scallops were quarter sized n raw inside, halibut was the size of a post it note n raw in center. Baked potatoes were so cold when cut into the butter didn't melt. Steaks were riddled with veins n grit. When we sent each meal back they re fired the seafood, replaced the steak and potatoes with new and it was still terrible. Bill was over 200.00 and they didn't even offer a comp. desert for all the problems. Save your money and your time and go somewhere else
Be prepared to wait a LONG time for your food. The servers are constantly coming around and saying how it'll just be a few more minutes (I have been here three times total on different days of the week, and it has always been the case).  I ordered 10 wings  and a basket of fries. The wings were pretty good (the 8 that were not shriveled up) but they also charged me $7.50 for a basket of fries. You've got to be kidding me - outrageous!
I'm a newbie in Surprise and wow this establishment knocks any other restaurant in Surprise out of the ball park! Food is fresh, apparently a hard thing to come across in this town.\nI hadn't even left and was already planning my second visit. Did I mention, food is fresh and delicious? \n\nI love that they give back to the benevilla organization which helps the elderly and children with disabilities. \n\nI will be back! Great service as well.
Meet & Greet was a little slow.  As my guest says "no glass should be left empty unless it wants to be".  \nThe food came out timely and was good.  Venison chili , battered chicken fingers (tender and not over battered) and the fire fries (yum). \nWould come again as there are many options as to whom to watch for NFL with the many TVs present.
I found this place while in town for work.  I had recently been in car accident and was having many ailments, so found this place that happened to open passed 630.  \n\nFrom her initial assessment, The therapist was very in tuned to what my body was needing. \n I am very aware that one session will not heal a body but She definitely put me back on the path to recovery.  \nI left feeling 1000 times better than I walked in and made a follow up appointment for two days later. \nIf one is a skeptic about massage therapy,  this place will erase any doubts.
Upscale "fast" food.\n\nWe're creatures of habit and order the same meal during most visits. The macaroni and cheese, bruschetta and a mixed green salad and a few drinks. The salad and bruschetta are mostly consistent when ordering. The macaroni and cheese is never consistent. Sometimes the pasta is way over cooked other times just right. Sometimes the pasta swims in a runny cheese sauce, other times its coated just right. You never know. \n\nWe've been going to this location for little over a year now. It's conveniently located within walking distance of our house. Today was perhaps the first time we received friendly and fast service.  From the cashier to the person collecting our plates, everyone seemed friendly and happy to serve. It almost seemed weird because I've gotten used to the fairly crappy snotty behavior of the kids working there.  \n\nIt was also the first time ever our whole meal was served within a few minute period. On all previous occasions, one dish would come out, then 20 minutes later another, and on many occasions you had to ask someone where your food was. Today, it was smooth running. Perhaps they did some much needed house-cleaning and hired new staff. Keep it up please!
Oh my gosh - so glad I was hungry when I arrived, because there was tons of juicy melty goodness on my plate when my order was served! I ordered the Cuban War Pig - a whole sandwich, and I was stuffed half way through. But it was absurdly good and I didn't want to stop eating.  Call me crazy, but the bread was the best part. An amazing sandwich needs amazing bread and Melt does it right. Kudos also go to the hand cut fries - seasoned perfectly.\n\nI loved the decor, and the very friendly staff. We arrived at about 2 for lunch, and had no problem getting a table immediately. We had two young growing boys in our party - tired and hungry from the day of shopping, and lunch from the kid's menu and they loved their meals. I would say their meals were quite generous too.
I love seeing the bad reviews for this place. If you look, it's people from Scottsdale expecting crappy edm and to have their butts kissed. They wine that the drinks were pricey, but these are the same people wanting "the hook up" and they act like idiots, don't tip and think they are special.\n\nAnd they are special. SpongeBob Bicycle helmet, reflector vest and training wheels special. They ask the bartender to seat them, then get mad when the bartender is busy...being a bartender. If you want it your way, Burger King is up the street. Please, just go to your crappy overcrowded bar, and order your Bud Light or vodka soda...not specifying the type of vodka as you're a baller on a budget. Please just stop, it's obvious you've never worked in the industry and have no idea how a decent bar works. Stick with Scottsdale or Vegas, leave Paris, Monte Carlo and Bitter and Twisted to people that will appreciate it. \n\nWith the exception of one person who left a review, the rest of the "bad" reviewers are just that. I visited their pages and every review they gave for every higher end bar or restaurant was bad. This usually means they are trying to get free stuff. Stick with Applebee's kids, go get a Coors Light in Old Town and wear something sleeveless, v neck or try to slip in with a pair of Jordan's then get mad about the dress code.\n\nI love this place. I've been here a ton of times, and will keep coming back. I continue to bring people here because it is an amazing place.  The owner and gm know how to treat good customers. The staff is always friendly and don't leave you sitting for 20 minutes without, at least, dropping off waters and apologizing that they are slammed and make every effort to make you feel welcome. They also aren't half naked. If I wanted that, I'd go to the strip club. Please, please, please, just leave the classy places alone and enjoy the "bro" atmosphere.\n\nThank you so much.
I was here for my FIL's 70th birthday, and we were a group of 14. Service was top notch and we all felt very well taken care of. \n\nI had the Burrata appetizer and it was delicious - creamy burrata cheese, crispy prosciutto, grapes... very delicate and delicious. My boyfriend had the grilled calamari and he said it was the best-grilled calamari he's had in a long time.\n\nFor my main, I went with the homemade gnocchi and they were so tender and light! Gnocchi can be such a heavy meal, but this was perfect! The black truffle cream sauce was divine! \n\nWill definitely return for a special evening out.
Overall, not a bad place, but it didn't meet my expectations. I expected it to be a bit pricier due to it being a high end place, but just expected a better steak to match. I ordered the New York 14oz Creekstone, Kansas, corn-fed steak which was cooked per my request. The side dishes were pretty good tho and big! The Mac & cheese was quite tasty! \n\nI guess my biggest complaint would be the wait. The staff was decent, but placing and receiving a drink and then food order just took too long for my liking. Seemed like they had enough people working, so maybe just a training issue??\n\nI wouldn't mind going again, if someone else was buying, but prob wouldn't on my dime. Better local places when looking at quality/experience vs cost.
this place is not for the dieters. went here for dinner tonight and left plenty full after sharing a half order of fried pickles and eating half my gumbo.\nthey start you out with some bisquits. (mmm buttermilk bisquits!) very soft, fluffy, and warm as soon as he sat them down on the table. they also come with apple butter. putting a bisquit onto my plate and to my surprise they are topped with sugar. let me state that i am head over heels for dessert at all hours of the day, but i just didn't care for sugared buttermilk bisquits and apple butter. i wish they left them plain. :( pout.\nonto the fried pickles. i love me some southern fried pickles just not as sticks. (refer to picture.) i have never had them in the shape of a fried stick but i was let down. the fried coating was falling off and it was very messy. (not to mention greasy.) they were okay, but not something i will crave.\ni go for the gumbo for the main course. i have had some good gumbo in my day and maybe that led me to be spoiled. it was spicy. i liked the sausage in it, but they didn't chop up the chicken. i had a whole chunk of chicken in my gumbo soup and a whole lotta rice. the flavoring was good and like i said spicy. even made my nose run! i sort have wish i went for something else though.\napparently everyone else in my party loved their meals including the ribs and chicken. someone else had the fried shrimp and really liked it. the servers were really nice and attentive. i feel i should give it another try if everyone else liked their meals so i will give it 3 stars for that and the lovely service we had.\ni hope other people have better luck then i did.
We stopped in here for lunch day.  We  just moved to the general area and are on the hunt for a Chinese restaurant that we love... we are still searching.  We were there for lunch and tried a couple of the specials.  I had the lemon chicken and my girlfriend had cashew chicken.  The portions were on the smaller side even for a lunch special.  Mine was good but there just wasn't enough of it.  6 pieces of lemon chicken on the plate just left me wanting more.  The cashew chicken had good flavor but was not very appealing to the eye.  The chicken looked like it was boiled.  It came out looking gray, kind or mystery-meatish feel to it.  The best part of the meal was our server.  She was a very sweet older woman whom was very nice and made sure we were well taken care of!  I just don't think we will be returning...
Of course they always have good food. This location is right off the strip and a slight walk from the south end.
The King James special burger with filet mignon and their killer onion rings was sublime. The bacon leek topping put it into the stratosphere.  Great fries and had a really good black cherry hard cider with it.  Eat at the bar; the bartenders are friendly and the game's on.
Need to update my rating of this place. Re visited in October 2016 and had the Miyagi oysters and they were delicious. Very plump and sweet. The service was great and had the ahi salad again and it was just as delicious! A great go to for good raw oysters during the colder months.
3.5 Stars.\n\nWalked past this place way too many times to not try it at least once. It's a nice swanky place though it is a little costly. I think it costs a little less to eat outside at the tables rather then being seated within their restaurant.\n\nIt's nice to just grab a latte here and read a book for class or something, which I did!\n\nI also ordered a scaccia (veal and spinach) that was okay, nothing too special. I mostly just ordered it because the restaurant was also called Scaccia!\n\nFor a full review and pictures, feel free to visit my blog, conveniently located in my profile. Happy eats, fellow yelpers!
My favorite chicken place in Charlotte since the early '90s. EVERYTHING is great and the Jaco sauce is the bomb. Chicken and black bean combo is my all time fav.
Fabulous experience with their Thursday chef tasting. For $75 plus tax and tips, you get 3 pieces of their ceviche, a soup or salad, main course, dessert, a mojito to enjoy with your ceviche, plus wine pairing for your soup/salad and main course. The big add here is the chefs teach you how they make their ceviche, and they are willing to share recipes, including their pan de bono, a yucca based cheese bread which is delicious! Highly recommended if you have the time and cash in Phoenix.
Nasty and weak margaritas that were being poured from a bucket. Plain entrees. Dry chicken in the tacos. Nothing special here. Actually comparable to Mendoza Express which is disgusting. The salsa was good. That's about it. Service was extremely slow and the managers are rude. We actually complained twice and the manager just kept arguing so I gave up.
Tasty chicken. Large portion. Good fries. And the passion fruit drink was really refreshing
4-\n\nAfter an Android navigation snafu that took me to a clothing store called SOHO in Beachwood, I hightailed it back to Ohio City and was greeted by some great southern food and even better local company.  \n\nNo appetizer for me, since I was late, but the Crawfish Fritters I sampled from my friend Jaime's plate were quite flavorful.  I didn't like my new friend Manoa's BBQ Chips w/ Cheddar Spread as much, but I think Manoa herself is super! :)\n\nAfter much contemplation, the drink of choice was the very boozy "New Orleans," a rye-absinthe-bitters combo that was surely strong, but sounded better on paper than it tasted.  Nevertheless, my Shrimp & Grits were heavenly.  I love me some grits, and this entree was pitch-perfect with giant rock shrimp, creamy grits, and a nice mish-mash of veggies.  I felt almost compelled to lick my dish clean.
I miss Famous Dave's, they had good food at a good price.  While the atmosphere and decor in not the same as Lucilles (Famous Dave's is more of a casual atmosphere) the food is every bit as good.   The portion sizes fill me up and I always have leftovers to take home...and I can eat quiet a bit.  I do have to agree with some of the reviews of the cornbread, I like a large piece of moist cornbread as well.  And because they make the cornbread as muffins they are very dry...but other than that I have no complaints.  The service I have received at Famous Dave's has always been good as well.\n\nDefinitely worth a visit.
Service not great.  Bar area is not user friendly.
I have a new love.  At first I was intimidated because this is another place where I have to create my own and I'm known for being terrible at picking flavors.  But after reading other reviews and seeing what other people enjoyed, I just had to go.  Everything was outstanding: from being greeted when you walk in, the non-stop friendly service, the free miso soup, the ability to have extra sauce, and the bright and clean atmosphere.   And the food was awesome too!  I got the steak bowl ($7.49) with noodles, sprouts, carrots, broccoli, kale, and corn with the sesame ginger sauce.  Loved every bit that my stomach could handle and am saving the rest for lunch tomorrow.  The following day I plan on going back to try a chicken and rice option.
I went here for brunch yesterday because my friend was DJing a brunch gig there from 11 - 3 pm and there was bottomless mimosas for $20.00 so naturally I was interested. I didn't expect much food-wise but I was pleasantly surprised when I ordered their chicken street tacos and they were really good! I wish there was a hotter salsa option, maybe there was but I didn't ask.\n\nTheir mimosas are HUGE and they have a great selection of flavors. With bottomless mimosas regular OJ can get kind of boring. They had passion fruit, guava (my favorite), prickly pear, pineapple, mango, and regular OJ. We were sitting right at the bar so the mimosas never did reach their bottom and the bartenders were very nice. The bar also had phone chargers and purse hooks as well as coloring pages so I was basically in heaven. I'm not sure if the coloring pages were normal or if the event company who was hosting brought them but either way it was a lot of fun.\n\nThe ONLY reason that this place didn't get 5 stars is the owner was extremely rude. There were maybe four guests the entire brunch that weren't there for the music and there was a group of 30 or so people there JUST because of the DJ who all ordered food and bottomless. \n\nIn the middle of my friends set the owner made him cut the music to yell at him in front of everyone because the music was too loud. I was sitting at the bar and was able to have a conversation easily with my friend, I didn't need to shout or anything. I usually wear ear plugs to events but it wasn't even necessary. He was shouting about how his guests come first and the music was too loud. FIRST OFF, were we not guests? The group of people there for the music all eating and drinking there? SECONDLY, Mingo let Found Events throw a brunch party! The flyer had the DJ lineup on it. parties tend to be a little louder than normal restaurant background music because thats why pretty much everyone was there.\n\nSo aside from that little hiccup, the food and service was excellent, and I would definitely say it's worth checking out. They have a DJ most Saturdays so if you don't want to be around live music I would advise coming on a different day.
I pass by this place every day and I always wondered what it was about and so apparently they've reopened after a long time and are back in business.\n\nI took my food to go; but I ordered the chicken shish dinner special which comes with rice, salad, and pita. I also got an order of their baba ganoush. The chicken was really good, moist, well-cooked and certainly not dry. The rice has some nuts in it which I wasn't expecting but was also very good. Both were piping hot when I got them. I think my favorite was the salad, which was super delicious, fresh, and light. And they give you a huge portion of it too. The pita was good but by the time I got home it was already hard and dry, but that's probably my fault for getting it to-go.\n\nNot a huge fan of the baba ganoush, it did not taste bad, but it was my first time having it so I guess it just wasn't what I was expecting, flavor wise. I might just stick to the hummus next time, but the consistency and texture was really good. \n\nSince they just opened a little bit ago, it's rather quiet so I  didn't mind that. Everyone was super friendly to me and did nothing but smile. And it seemed like some of the diners were return customers from a long time ago, so it was nice to hear the owners having friendly conversation. It makes the already inviting environment, even warmer. Prices can pretty steep in my opinion; my order came out to around $27 but I'm also a poor college student so... yeah.
Went there for Daughter's Birthday. My daughter and wife ordered the Ribs, Son in Law had the Pull Pork sandwich and I had the Cajun Grouper. Daughter got the sweet potato fries and baked bean side, Wife the mashed potatoes and Brussels sprouts, Son in Law Mashed potatoes and I got french fries and Apple Coleslaw . The mashed potatoes must have been several days old and reheated. They were the consistency of a thick paste, think mortar and a grey color. We advised they take it off the menu for the night as it wasn't good at ALL. The waiter asked if we would like something else, but the only time we saw him other than when he brought our meals was when he brought the bill. So too late for that. The Ribs tasted of being refrigerated and reheated. Son in Law liked his Pulled Pork Sandwich. I found my fish dry and salty. The Apple Coleslaw has Granny Smith Apple shredded in it and it is not a winner, the Apple didn't add anything to the flavor and actually took away from the taste. It too can come off the menu. Since we only saw our waiter during the ordering, delivery of food and the end of our dinner we didn't get a refill on our adult beverages meaning the restaurant is loosing money on this waiter. Daughter claimed the last time she went she had the same waiter and on her way to the restrooms which are by the Kitchen she saw him in the Kitchen spending his time dancing and their service that night was terrible as well. I rate the food Poor, Service Poor and ambiance so - so.
Tried Farmhouse for the first time yesterday! Excellent service! We arrived around 8:00am, we got a table right away. We were served delicious coffee right away! I ordered a ham and cheese omelette, mom ordered buttermilk pancakes with bacon and eggs. Both delicious, forget chain restaurants this place it homey and yummy!
Food was excellent. It was nice to have it buffet style so you don't have to wait for more food. The spicy pork belly was amazing. Went for lunch and it wasn't busy so the service was great also. Will be back for sure.
Best service ever very friendly love this fast food eatery. Love the tenders piping hot and fresh. Fries crispy and fresh.
Pretty weak, it's a Dennys disguised as some sort of niche bacon place
Despite hearing many people talk about the long lines, I didn't actually have to wait in line. I came maybe 30mins after they opened and not many people were there yet. That being said, it seemed I got in right before the lunch time rush (thank goodness). \n\nPoor server was running around to evey table , so I didn't blame her for not being overly friendly. I felt that she was quite efficient albeit a little aggressive when putting the dishes down on the table. That didn't really bother me at all though.\n\nTheir menu consists of rice noodle soups. Being a noodle lover, that was the perfect thing for me. I got the spicy and sour crossing the bridge noodle soup. Tbh I was hesitant at first--it's always a hit or miss when it comes to sour soups but it tasted great! More on the sour side but not over the top.\n\nI think it would've been better if it was a littler spicier but I was overall satisfied with the taste. The dish comes with several toppings, and unless you want extra meat or something, it's fine as it is. You put the toppings in yourself, they come separate from the soup since they don't want to overcook it. The noodles were just the right texture for me (soft but very slightly chewy). AND YOU GET UNLIMITED NOODLE REFILLS. If you're like me, who doesn't drink much soup, adding extra noods in is a great bonus. \n\nPrice-wise I do think it's fair. They give you a variety of toppings that stores normally don't give and the soup stays hot the whole time. Also very worth the money if you get additional noodle refills. Yummy and filling!\n\nOverall, I recommend this to noodle lovers or just on a cold winter day!
You can't really go wrong with a burger place that sells a burger on a donut or on french toast. The menu is unique, spread out. B2B has salads, sandwiches, and an extensive burger list. Also a great environment for watching a sporting event or just grabbing a few drinks with your buddies. The service team was very friendly, aside for a small register problem, I would recommend this to anybody. I dropped a star off the 5 star rating due to the food coma I am in now, and can't even think about eating a burger in the near future, but it was amazing while I was consuming.
Been here several times, the food is good though the service is horrible. I do not mind waiting to be seated though people who came after us were seated before as they seemed to know the staff. Also, the teas were quite bad as explanation the sales staff said it was made in the morning.
Had a craving for a burger and the bf suggested this spot that a few coworkers had recommended.\n\nMinimalist decor - brick walls, cool lighting.  Bar with machines (where you can smoke, separated from restaurant) and a few small tables.   Love the art on the wall of the woman sectioned into "meat" - difficult to describe, but would be a great conversation piece for the kitchen at home.\n\nAnyway, let's get the price out of the way - yes, $9 is a lot for a burger.  But this isn't McD's or even comparable to In-n-Out.  Its a meal!!\n\nYou get to choose your toppings - two toppings and two sauces included for the $9.  I chose the burger without the bun and they provided plenty of lettuce under the lovely burger.  All cooked medium well, unless you specify.  Good thing I had an extra sauce (the spicy ranch) as I put in on the lettuce and pretended I had a salad with my burger!  \n\nFor me, I could live on sauces to dip my food into.  The food is a means to the sauce!  I chose the chipotle ketchup and garlic mayo - yummy!!  Sauce heaven!!  I cut my burger (oh so sophisticated, eh?) and dipped into the sauces.  Great tasting burger - no salt or pepper needed.\n\nAlso, had the sweet potato fries - that is, what was left after the bf dug into them.  Served with an almost-honey-mustard - very nice!\n\nAnd to help it all go down, a nice cold beer served out of a can!  (apparently the owner requested all beers out of cans - nice touch).  The milkshakes sounded good but for this girl - a burger needs a beer, just like a .... well, if you can't say anything clean, I shouldn't say anything at all!!
I have driven past The Gladly many times and been meaning to visit.\n\nI love the atmosphere and the service. I had the Chicken Liver Pate as an appetizer and the Buttermooink Burger. Both were excellent, however I have to go into some detail on the Chicken Liver Pate.\n\nFirst of all, I love the presentation, small jar of pate with a side of pickled red onions and a flavorful whole grain mustard. This was served with rye melba toast (little rounds of toast, about 1/8 inch thick).\n\nJUST A WORD ABOUT THE TOAST:\n\nI have never eaten any melba toast this hard before in my life. Rock hard. Biting into the toast (gently) it shattered, driving shards into my cheeks and gums. It was like eating hard plaster. Like practical joke hard. If the pate wasn't so darn delicious I would have been sensible and stopped eating after the first mouthful, but no. I polished this off. The whole plateful.\n\nThat melba toast was so hard and so sharp that for the next three days the side of my mouth was just scraped the Hell up. A shard of that toast jammed up into my gums and caused a gum infection. I knew something was jammed up in there, because when I went to floss, the floss shredded and broke.\n\nI ended up going to the dentist to get this checked out and sure enough I had something jammed way up in there. Fortunately, it didn't break my tooth. Now for the next week I have to take an antibiotic mouth rinse to let this heal up. The $6 Chicken Pate (from the Happy Hour menu) ended up costing an additional $130 in dentist fees.\n\nSo I would implore The Gladly - please - do something about this melba toast. Really I love the place and will return, but I would never order the Chicken Pate again, which is a shame because it really was delicious.
Super good food.  Owner has so much passion, top quality fish.  It's super busy on Xmas night.  Owner came around and gave us more sake on the house because we had to wait.  Great and friendly staff.  Wish we made reservations on the sushi bar for more interaction.
Everything was great!  Awesome selection including flavors I have only seen in italy.  Quick in/out and seating if you need it.  Plenty of tasting and great location.  A must visit in the desert sun
We were here with a party of 6 and let me tell you it was one of the best experiences we had in along while. All 6 of us are locals and our server Johel is by far the best server at least I've had in a long while!! We will definitely be back again because he brings an upbeat and relaxing atmosphere!
This is a great little cafe. I went there with a friend one morning and was pleasantly surprised by the amazing variety of pastries they offered. They also have ones if the best vanilla chai lattes I have ever had.\n\nWould definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a light snack and some great coffee or chai lattes. \n\nI think the offer other light food as well such as sandwiches. They have a little patio out front that is nice in the summer. \n\nPrices are reasonable and the service has been excellent every time I've been there.
i had high hopes coming here and I gotta say that i was disappointed.  First of all their cups were DIRTY.  Definitely not washed properly.\n\nTried their soup of the day - cheesy cauliflower.  It was okayyyy, just not for me. You can REALLY taste the cauliflower in it.  For the main I had the Pasta Bolognese and the portion is quite large.  It was cool because of the zucchini noodles and i felt super healthy eating it, but it just wasn't that good.  Also,  the pasta is cold which I found weird (but I already expected this). \n\nThe desserts were all displayed and I really wanted to get one but they all pretty much looked gross n stale.  not impressed. Don't know what all the hype is about for this place.
We moved from LA which is known for the best persian cuisine in the US. We were looking for one and found this place which is by far the best in Vegas.
Updated review**\n\nMy wife and I tried some sandwiches from Fromagination today.  They were amazing.  I guess that is what you get when you use all very high quality ingredients.  Obviously the meat and cheese was the best you could get, but they add little extras like cranberry spread and olive tapenade that puts it even further over the top.\n\nTheir expertise is finding the best meats and cheeses and matching them.  So when they create a sandwich you should know it is probably the best combination you'll find.  The meat and cheese is so good, it is easy to forget the other fresh veg and bread involved.  They are there and they taste great, but I don't order the ham sandwich because of the fresh lettuce.  \n\nThe soup was excellent.  Definitely the best take out soup.  It was interesting how you could taste each ingredient separately and melded together at the same time.  \n\nOverall I'd say if you put these items in a fancy restaurant you'd pay twice as much and you'd still think it was amazing.  \n\n******\nFirst Review\nThey have a great variety of cheeses and other artisan products.  I'm a bit of a novice in the artisan world, but everything I have tried has been amazing.
Fressen is my favourite 'nice meal out' restaurant. The entire menu is vegan and they clearly mark items that are gluten-free, which saves me from hassling the wait staff and kitchen. I've been here a bunch of times, for brunch and for dinner.\n\nThe menu is set up tapas-style, so you order a few dishes to share between everyone. Things come out at all different times, it helps to pace the meal and also doesn't crowd the table too much. They serve bread (which I don't eat but smells amazing) with a fantastic hummus while you are waiting for your food to arrive. The hummus is so good I always grab a forkful.\n\nFor brunch I like the scrambled tofu. Really hearty and filling, and comes with greens and veggies on the side.\n\nThe absolute best dish on the dinner menu is the deep-fried taro balls with a mango relish-type of thing. I think they are called something more appetizing but every time I go with my boyfriend we EACH order a plate of these, plus other things to share. I only order dessert if someone else will share with me, the gluten-free chocolate amazingness is so rich and decadent I think I would buzz right out of there if I ate it all myself.\n\nBonus points for really cozy decor, and they have a variety of table set-ups to accommodate different size groups of people. In the summer they open the whole front wall of the restaurant so it is open to the street.
Food was great but service was not so good the hostess said there was no setting in the patio but when my daughter showed her the yelp app she said that they don't use it much because it said there was setting she said there was nothing available but then changed her mind I thought that was pretty odd. Then our waiter was to busy never really came back to see if we needed anymore drinks.
I'm not sure who owns or manages this place but it's a hot mess. I highly doubt it will be open in a year despite its strong opening. It's addition to the neighborhood hasn't been fantastic and it's quickly built a reputation for itself due to negative employee behavior and erratic hours.  \n\nFor example, on multiple occasions, I've gone in to get the family their individual pizzas for dinner. Staff closed early. There is no rhyme or reason to when this place is open. They just lock the doors before the closing time and clean up. No note posted, no reason. It's ridiculous. \nAnother time I attempted to enter and they told me they were closing and to leave. \n\nThe other issue is consistency. There is none.  There is the potential for a great product but this location is all over the place. Sometimes they serve my kid a pile of mushy bread. Other times the crust is burnt and hard with toasted toppings.  I don't understand how something that is a chain and that should run smoothly is falling apart so quickly.  \n\nWhat I do know is this- despite having liked the convenience and concept of this location, I'm tired of wasting my time & money going here. I won't be returning.
Three stars because my burger was very good, cooked well, and I had a delicious drink.\nThe poor waiter was not very good, however. Couldn't tell if he was fairly new and struggling (though it was about noon on a Monday and not very busy) or if he should just move on to another profession. Overall it was like a gimmicky tropical TGIS's
UGLY COOKIES! \n\nThis is by far one of my favorite dessert places in Madison. They serve a large assortment of sweets, espresso, and wine. Its a great place to grab some treats to go or sit for a while. No matter which I choose I always end up taking some home. They "ugly cookies" are amazing. Other favorites include the Monona bar and macaroons. I have really enjoyed everything I have tried. If you are in the area make sure you stop in for a sweet treat!
I love this place. I really enjoy their Gyro sandwiches. They're well prepared, stuffed with meat and tzatziki. They even stuff fries inside them. High quality. I also got to enjoy their Gyro submarines as well.\n\nThe people who work here are super nice and love what they do. The resto is clean with plenty of seating for a dine-in experience. Price tag is good.\n\nHighly recommended.
My family and I had breakfast here. Food was great, HUGE portions and tasty. Even the mixed fruit was wonderful with kiwi, blackberries, blueberries etc. nice ambience too. The kids menu was awesome and they had some very interesting breakfast dishes. I had the raspberry granola pancake which was very good.  We'll be back!
Authentic Italian that has been around for years.   The decore could use a bit of updating & the entire establishment can use a good cleaning.   The hostesses and servers are always friendly and knowledgeable about the food served.   Living on the west side of Cleveland most of my life this is a favored spot for pizza and salad.   \n\nWhen friends come to town who now live in other parts of the country, this place is a must for them.   We've never had a  experience, highly recommend this place!
From beginning to end everything was amazing. The bruchetta was so simple but tasted delicious. The pizza tasted amazing. Flavor was really good.  But i love anything with arugula. Could not eat the whole pizza def enough for 2. The cannolis were simple tasted good nothing special. The owner however gave us a shot of something with lemon and it was thick and creamy. Tasted like lemon cluster with some alcohol. Service was super friendly.
I should have known not to go in. The place was empty. I got the ribs. I am not an expert but I didn't see the smoky color. The biggest problem was that the meat was under cooked.
My recent addiction to NTN Trivia led me here last night. After hearing they have tvs in the booths I was on a mission. \n\nThe place is kind of reminiscent of my time working in real estate. It is a meeting place for 50's male sporto guys that drink too much, make gestures at the girls, and think beef strogonoff is gods gift to man. You know the type I'm talking about. This place was full of them... I'm sure at least 75% had subscriptions to every sports package on TV and every lolita porn site on the internet. I just ignored them, and I wasn't bothered. There was a girl in the corner dancing to Jay Z with her hands in the air and shaking her ass.... she was roughly 50 and white. \n\nThe entire bar is covered in sporto stuff from the sport ball carpet, to the logos and memorabilia everywhere. Think Dustin Hoffman's room at the asylum in Rainman, but with soccer ball carpet. There are a ton of tvs everywhere, including your own if you get a booth. They have foosball, pool, darts, and shuffleboard to keep you entertained which is great. They have a nice patio too, unfortunately so many people smoke on it you can hardly breathe.\n\nI liked their menu as it was extremely varied. I ordered the Sweet Chili Wings and was amazed at how many I got for $5.95 and they were pretty big tasty wings too. Also at the table was a cheeseburger that looked good until my girlfriend proceeded to take all the veggies off and put a pound of ketchup on it, slice it in half, and then rip the halfs in half with her hands. Weirdo. \n\nAfter dinner we sat drinking beers and playing trivia until almost 2am and were never rushed or made to feel like we should turn the table. The service was not good by any means but they were at least welcoming. \n\nI'll go back here. It wasn't an amazing experience, but it is definitely a fun place with at least decent food.
Horribly slow service,  took the lady more than ten minutes to find a menu.  And didn't give us any attention.  Food is not worth the wait.
Ordered an original with whiz. AMAZING. Every once in a while I stray from my paleo diet to indulge, and it REALLY hit the spot today. *BONUS My order was delivered in 20 minutes, the driver was very nice (and cute too).* I would recommend this spot for anyone craving a philly. Yay! You guys rock!
What a great experience!! The food here is so different then anything I have experienced before. It's Asian fusion to be exact. The kimchi rice is amazing and the miso sea bass melts in your mouth! The drinks were so good. The one with coconut rum was delish, I had three. Another wonderful night and another great spot in Arizona! I will deff come back next time I'm  in town.
I had the chicken fried steak hoping it would be good.  When it can to me I was a little leery how it looked but gave it a shot.  The first four bites were all breading!  I finally got to taste the meat and it was just as bad as the breading.  The worst chicken fried steak I've ever ate and it was 17.99 highway robbery.  This place is over priced and food doesn't live up to its price.  The only good thing is the manager on duty didn't make me pay for my chicken fried steak. My wife and my daughter didn't like it either.  I give this place a thumbs down.
great portions and very authentic! when we were there, everyone around us were speaking korean! there was a lot of banchai (the eggplant and sweet potato ones were especially good.)
We went to Hexx for brunch on a Saturday morning and had a great experience. The atmosphere is classy and fun, with good lighting. The food was very sweet and very good. The cappuccinos and hot chocolate are both very tasty. \n\nI shared the apple cinnamon pancakes and protein omelet with my sister. Both tasted great and the dishes were HUGE. So so much food, we couldn't finish it all. My boyfriend ordered chicken and waffles which were amazing! I'd order that next time!! All dishes were very good and very filling! \n\nThe service at Hexx was exceptional - Tracee was the BEST waitress we've had on our whole Las Vegas trip! It was my boyfriend's birthday and she brought out his chicken and waffles with candles and got the entire restaurant singing happy birthday, cheering and celebrating with us! It was so special and fun!! \n\nOverall, one of the better restaurant experiences in Vegas.
Had the best Shakshuka in the city. I have been eager to find a quality Israeli restaurant and this place has hit the spot each time. You gotta try the Middle-eastern Shakshuka it was delish. Also, there's tons of parking as the restaurant is located in a parking plaza in Vaughn.
Stopped here while on a road trip and the food was so good! We had the grilled chicken and Korean Banh Mi and the sweet potato fries.  \n\nWill be back the next time we're in Charlotte!
Just want to say wow!  The best dining experience ever, and I've been to the best steak houses from Beverly Hills to Omaha.  Wanted to have a great steak for my birthday in Vegas and couldn't decide between Cut at the Palazzo which I heard was amazing and Gordon's Steak house.  I let my wife decide and should've known her decision since she's a big fan of Gordon Ramsay.  I wasn't disappointed at the least.  The food (Ribeye and Wagyu Cab) was really good and deserved a 5 star for itself, but I can't say it was the best I've ever had, but it's up there for sure.  What was most impressive for me was the presentation and the service.  The attention to detail and the attentive of the staff was first class.  If you want to have a great dining experience this is a must.
I'd heard they had the best burger, and guess what? They did.  I had the blue burger which was fantastic.  Everything was perfect about the burger, although I wouldn't mind if it was bigger.\nAlso, it took 4 minutes for them to bring it, faster than McDonald's which was crazy.\nI highly recommend anyone to go there and enjoy their awesome burgers.
It took forever to get a table and I witnessed a couple of parties leaving.  The server was attentive the entire time but the food was slow coming out.  Although it was slow coming out, it was quality food although the portion size was somewhat small considering the price.
I hate to give bad reviews, this place has gone down hill so far on the food. I've eaten hear a few times and each time has be worse. For my latest adventure here I ordered the cheesy broccoli chicken, grits and corn bread. The chicken came out still raw, the grits were flavorless and the Icing on the cake.......... the corn bread tasted like raw fish it was inedible. The corn bread was always good. The ONLY reason I have this 2 stars were the drinks were good. Pricey but made well and weren't shorted on alcohol.
Fail.\n\nMy EX gf and I went there on a Sunday night, we were hoping for it to be half way decent even after reading the reviews on yelp.  \n\nWell we both ordered the pigs, a pulled pork sandwich with fries each.  It came out fairly prompt and we sat down to eat.  I could not tell you if it was pulled pork or pulled beef, the meat was darker than most pulled pork that I have had. \n\n It did not even really taste like smoked pork  that I have had and more like roasted beef.  I did not have the heart to ask the owner if it was really smoked pork when he came over to ask us how things were.  The mystery meat was a bit tough and my gf thought very dry, she downed her soda because of it.  It almost seemed like the meat was overcooked then put in a holding bin with water to try to keep it moist because my bread was super soggy by the time I got it.  The sandwich buns were horrible and my gf even hated it and she loves bread.\n\nThe fries had a decent enough seasoning on them but were soft and not very warm.  The barbeque sauce is the only thing halfway decent here that I had.  Its a shame, I was hoping for a decent bbq place down here in Chandler. \n\nGo to Joes Barbeque or Sallys bbq in Sedona for some real bbq.
Very good food and appetizers.  Not sure when it will be officially completed, but they just installed a huge outdoor awning that covers the whole wrap around outside patio area.  This will be awesome for summer nights!!
Whataburger is right there with Taco Cabana-- How does a Cali girl know of these two places, the same as why I know about White Castle, my love of food knows no limits and I used to visit relatives in AZ and TX during the summer. \n\nSo we took the kids to AZ for a Summer holiday and low and behold I see the orangey-da-glo "W" for Whataburger a we drive by-- I get all bajiggity (nervous excited energy) in the car my hubby looks at me as if I am mad--and says NO!.. I slouch and say darn. But I plan the great escape to take the kids to experience a Whataburger OKAY?! and that I also want to relive my memories from childhood. Is that so wrong? \n\nLunch time. there is a line? since when? anyway- we order burgers fries, 2 pop's and a water ..... hmmm the Burger looks smaller, fries are good, they taste the same drowned in ketchup-- now I am leery of the burger its kinda sloppy looking and not meshing right, leaning if you will... but the kids waste no time and are chowing down- are they just that hungry or are the burgers that good? I am thinking In N Out might have been a safer option here.. \n\nI go for it-- I mean mentally and some of yu can relate to the whole food/memory thing a lot is riding on this first bite, years of memories and fun with my cousins spending the day swimming and then jamming all of us wired kids into a stupid little car to head out to lunch at Whataburger. \n\nFirst bite, salty, a little dry but the burger in itself not bad, I think--I am loving the extra pickles.. ya Whata-good-burger.... So long story short - people are right, sometimes smells and tastes of food can trigger memories and at that first bite at that moment I was instantly teleported back to my childhood vacation just from a dang burger and fries.. \n\nTry as I might - I tried to drag the hubby back to try a Whataburger one last time with me and the kids before we left, but he was too snobby, sigh..\n\nSo why not 5 stars It has changed as far as customer service and attitude towards customers-, the gal who took my order was a bit too snarky for me attitude wise, for a teenager and She couldn't count back change, petty maybe but the checking to see if my youngest had soda in her water cup instead of water -- was a but mental for me.
Hot. Fresh. Just what the doctor ordered late night or between gaming sessions at the craps or roulette tables. The sausage and pepperoni slice is delightful.
First, the food is always good. I know it can vary by location but this one is consistent. My gripes:\n\n1) my food has never been hot. I get an alert that the pizza is out of the oven and 15 mins later an alert that it is on its way. I'm less than half a mile from the store and it still takes another 20+ minutes.\n\n2) I never receive the sauces I order. I've probably lost $5 in sauces by now. I asked one driver to just credit it back and he panicked saying he would get in trouble for forgetting them. He was actually going to give me $0.50 from his pocket.\n\n3) the drivers never follow the directions I provide. I live in a small but confusing complex. I give specific directions to get to my front door but every one that comes up tells me how hard it was to find my place. (Maybe that's why my food is so cold?)\n\nI haven't worked in food service in many, many years but I would think you would read your entire order before leaving the store. It would save everyone some frustration.
Nektar just opened very close to my work and we were all very excited. They have fresh pressed juices, blended smoothies and acai bowls. They are also going to be getting in a line of detoxifying cleanses in a couple of weeks. So far I have tried the buzz which is a mix of carrot, orange, lemon and ginger and it is delicious. It is around $7 for a 24oz juice or smoothie so, they are definitely not cheap but very healthy. The acai bowls are also delicious. They are pretty much a blended type of sorbet made of acai berries and cashew milk, topped with fresh fruit and granola, they have 4 flavors of these.\n\nOverall my experience here has been great so far. I have met the owner/manager and he is very nice. The service has been great so far. It does take about 10 minutes to make a fresh juice so just be prepared for that time. I will be back!
I've been here roughly half a dozen times since Impact opened its doors. I'm in the neighbourhood, I like their food and the vibe is nice. My only qualm is how long the food takes to be prepared. I understand everything is made to order, and while that's appealing to me, it's a mildly frustrating 25 minute wait for a dish that doesn't have any protein on it. I've noticed that the wait is consistently this long despite how busy they are. As someone who also works in food preparation at a busy downtown establishment, it's painful to watch them move so slowly without any sense of urgency. If someone is taking their dish to go, there's a good chance they have somewhere to be. I always ask myself upon leaving why I leave a tip on takeout service there. Hate to be a wet blanket but..
My one meal here was nice, but nothing exceptional.\nThe part I liked best was the Japanese soda. That was tasty.\nThe mixed tempura seemed like pretty standard tempura. Nothing seemed to stand out. My beef dish seemed pretty ho hum. It wasn't bad but it was kind of bland.\nService was friendly.\nThe place has a nice feeling. I like the way they have the main menu on a big board they bring to the table. Plus the Japanese pop music is a nice touch. I could eat here again but nothing seemed worth going out of my way.
Lula kabobs was amazing never knew this place was so close to work love the food service was good too.. food came out fast
Great service, friendly staff the food was delicious. Tot Choos, Mac & cheese burger and fries.
New AYCE place just opened a couple of weeks ago. My friend and I decided to try out this place. When I think of all you can eat sushi, I think of compromised quality for more quantity, but at Neko, that is not the case. Super Delicious fresh fish! Also great service!!!!!I came to panda for lunch today and they have done an excellent job with getting a lot of customers thru the line quickly with top quality food. Last time I had a bad customer service experience but things have been great today. I can overlook the bad service of one customer service representative if the rest of them are excellent.
Came here with friends for some chicken and beers on the recommendations from some of my buddies. Overall the food was pretty good, we got the boneless chicken with green onion and the half/half chicken. Between the 2 dishes I would say the boneless chicken was definitely better. Maybe we got the wrong sauces for the half/half because both were very similar, we got the spicy sauce and regular sauce.\n\nWe also got the spicy rice cake and it was veryyy spicy just to my liking! If you are not accustomed to spicy I would say stay away from the spicy rice cakes.\n\nIt seems like there are more Korean restaurants that specialize in chicken and beers and I would consider coming back to The Fry if I'm around the area.
We went for drinks only. The hostess was great as she checked coats and sat us.\nThe atmosphere was great. The  dark-haired, glasses-wearing bartender was nice as he took the drink order for the 5 of us. He didn't write anything down. I don't have a problem with this as long as the order is filled correctly. Our party ordered  2 scotch rocks, a bourbon water, a dirty martini, and a gibson.\n The scotch and bourbon drinks were fine, but the martini and the gibson were very short pours. Maybe an ounce pour on each and this was after the vodka was poured from the strainer into the glass.  Also, the bartender put olives in the gibson, not onions!. He had to go back and get the onions.Nice presentation, but poorly executed. \nThe bartender didn't apologize or offer to remedy the situation. I drank my bastardized gibson, but t these prices the expectations are a bit higher.
The baked goods are amazing! I haven't been very impressed with their vegetarian options though. Generally the ambiance is nice though and the food comes out quickly, so I'll continue stopping in every few months.
Buttery, flaky pies. Butter chix (butter chicken) is my go to pie here. Enough for a small lunch when you're not that hungry. Freezer to the right has frozen unbaked pies that you can take home at a discount. \n\nThe woman who works here is a bit surly and doesn't seem like she wants to be there.\n\nAlso please note that the map location is WRONG. I already reported it but apparently they couldn't confirm it. This 199 Bay location is at Bay and King, in the PATH.
My favorite BBQ joint.  I love everything they sell, especially the pastrami.  Plan to get there before they open.  Line starts at 1030 for 1100 open.  Definitely worth trying out.
Good NY style Sicilian Pizza, the wings are very small, but the price reflects that, I've been going here since it opened, it's a different experience, food & service when the older gentlemen is not working, he may be the owner, think I'll make sure he's working before we go again in the evening. \nThat large antipasto salad is really good for the price of 6.00, we split it & still bring some home.
Late stop at 12 45 am and the guy behind the counter was super upbeat and super nice.  Cheap slice of pizza for $3.50 fresh out of the oven! Definitely a great stop to soak up the alcohol!
Great price for the quality.  \n\nI was surprised to see this place only averages about 3.5 stars.  The majority of "bad reviews" complain about non trivial aspects of the restaurant that don't apply to the average person. \n\nFood quality is always consistent, good variety, and fresh. \n\nThe ratio of fish/rice is better than most full cost restaurants I've been to (they don't overpack the rice or do the old "double rice roll" to save on cost. \n\nRefills and plate clearing are quick.  Can't ask for much more when it comes to a sushi buffet. \n\nHot food, salad, rolls, nigiri, and dessert. \n\nI snapped three quick pics of the food for general reference. \n\nI always visit this place when I'm in Vegas.
I love Which Wich.\nTheir bread is REALLY good. I also like that you can get it "skinny" (the'll scoop the inside).\nI typically create my own veggie.\nMedium, skinny, hot, mozzarella cheese, light mayo, red onions, coleslaw, black olives, pickles, cucumber, lettuce, tomato, and bell peppers crushed pepper and oregano. YUM!\n\nI also like their black bean patty.\n\nI like that they serve warm sandwiches and that you fill out the bag and hand it to them, so I've never had a mistake!
Ordered from them for the first time tonight.  Delivered in less than an hour, I was quite happy to get something new.  I was highly impressed.  Goat Karahi, Pulao Rice, Butter Chicken and Alu Jeera so far.  Impressed.\n\nI chase Indian food all around the world.  It's normal to be in a horrible location and get stupendous food.  An excellent place only charges more for what could be terrible food.  I've learned that I should never judge an Indian resto from its environment.  \n\nI will be ordering from them in the future.
As they say in the south, "Tastes so good, it makes ya wanna slap yer momma!"  \n\nI'm not generally a fried chicken fan, but the thought of picking up a chicken here just sends my mouth to salivating!  I don't know what they do to the chicken before they batter it, but whatever it is, it's nothing short of amazing!  Most places you've got blah chicken after you peel off/eat the skin- at the Chicken Coop, their chicken is melt in your mouth amazing!  It's the kind of chicken where you catch yourself sucking on the bones! (Sometimes it's worth the shame of bad manners for that last little bit of deep fried heaven!) Hands-down the best fried chicken I've ever had.\n\nFor those that aren't fans of dark meat, you can order a "whole white chicken" for a little bit more.  Prices are insanely low for this quality - I guess it's because they keep it simple and stick to what they're good at!\n\nThe other reviewers have it spot on: Always crowded, but line moves fast. Cash only. Park in the lot behind the alley, take it to your car & eat it there. Have your order ready when you get to the front, or they'll skip you. Don't you dare talk on your cell phone while placing an order. (Remember Seinfeld's Soup Nazi? Yeah, it's a little like that!)
Went here for the first time today.  There was one woman there cooking & taking orders so service was very slow.  Eventually another man joined her but the wait was still quite long.  The food was more expensive than I thought it should be ($47 for 4 fry breads & 3 drinks). But the worst part was when my daughter discovered a BUG buried in her fry bread.\nWhen I brought the half eaten meal up to the guy behind the counter & showed him the bug I of course asked for a refund  to which he said "I can't do that, I can only offer you a replacement "!!!!\nWho does that???  The last thing she would want is food from this restaurant, her appetite was ruined! Even telling him this did not change anything.  We just threw the rest of our food away(we had all lost our appetite by then) & walked out.  VERY bad customer service,  I have never heard of someone not getting their $$ back when something like this happens.  SKIP this place, save your money & go somewhere else.
2.5 stars overall.\n3.5 for service.\n\nWent for lunch. Place was almost packed but still had somewhat attentive service. Really mediocre food but at a decent price. The noodles, tempura (veggies only, the shrimp was meh), beef and rock shrimp were the highlights. It's hard to describe why I didn't like the rice...it just didn't taste good. The raw fish was the worst part about the food. It just lacked quality but had average amount of freshness. The variety of food is average with reasonably sized portions. I like their selection of pop and desserts at least. If I'm coming back again, it would be for dinner because there is no sashimi for lunch.
I drove from out of town to try "something different'. I had a coworker that recommended 3 Ravens so I thought I would give it a try.  I was advised the wings were good but unfortunately I decided to go in another direction for my entree.\n\nI ended up ordering the Cajun shrimp Alfredo. All I can say about the dish is it was possibly the worst food I've ever been served in a restaurant. If you go to this restaurant and can't find any salt for seasoning, it's because they put it all into this dish. It was absolutely inedible.  I know Cajun seasoning can be spicy / salty, but this was all salt with no spice.  Just horrible.\n\nThe waitress was nice but appeared to be inexperienced. She observed that I didn't eat the food and asked if I wanted a to go box. I told her "no" and mentioned it was not good at all. She then removed the plate and brought our bill. I could have been more upfront about the horrible food, so I don't really blame her for that.\n\nI went with my wife and 16 year old son "the garbage disposal". He ordered a horseshoe made with a grilled cheese sandwich. He liked the grilled cheese but didn't eat the hamburger.  My wife ordered a ribeye sandwich that she described as mediocre. The only reason I gave a 2 star was because my wife didn't realize the ribeye came with blue cheese and the waitress was very polite and replaced it with a ribeye without blue cheese, even though it was my wife's fault.\n\nI normally understand that you sometimes have a bad experience at a restaurant, and that does not always accurately reflect the business overall; however, I cannot see myself giving this particular restaurant another chance.
Food quality is awesome. Biriyani is a must.. They should try to expand and improve the ambience considering the rush.
I was starving after a night out so I asked the front desk where I could find food in the hotel at 5 am. Does this place ever close??\n\nI ordered a breakfast burrito with sausage. It came in a nice green tortilla and although it was PACKED WITH GREASE, it was exactly what I needed. Decent prices, not really the friendliest staff, but I wasn't expecting exceptional service at that hour.
Great food,  we had the hamburger and the beef short ribs, both were excellent.  The short ribs were in a green chili sauce with a sunnyside egg on top.  The poblano peppers added just the right amount of heat and flavor.\n\nThey have a decent beer selection as well.
Good Food!  Love the pink sauce!  The singer is a cool cat...it's just way way way to loud!  Fun times though..if your local you got to go on a Tuesday buy one get one free it can't be that if you're on a diet avoid this restaurant at all cost if you're not on a diet because your phone it may become addictive especially with the Tuesday special buy one get one free I recommend the racketeers ravioli with pink sauce!
Cajun Pasta is the bomb!\nSpicy and tasty. \nService is great.
I had dinner with friends last night at D Clawsons.  What an adventure with food. The presentations, the quality of food and preparation was top notch!  We tried 10 items and each was perfection! Highly recommend!
The place has a "cute" charm to it right down to the animated and creatively named food menu. Choices that could easily satisfy the appetites of any family. Service was excellent from the hostess to our waitress Chance! She helped us make the perfect selections and checked in with us frequently.  My 13 year old said we need to come back tomorrow to try all the yummy sounding dishes.
Amazing restaurant and food! Large menu selection, something to suit every taste. Pricey but I feel it's worth it for the great atmosphere and what's on the table. Will definitely go back.
I can definitely say that I have never been so anxious to write a review (positive or negative). The experience hubby and I just had was one of the most ridiculous ones we have had in awhile. So hubby got there first and placed order for us at 6pm (we were in time crunch so made note of the time to be sure we had enough time to order a pizza). I arrived at 6:15 & he had still not received the drink he ordered and said that the servers and manager (which turned out to be the owner and makes this experience even worse!), had walked past his table many times and never brought his drink or offered bread like they did to all other tables. When I sat down at the table, no one ever came up or asked to get me a drink etc. This place has about 7 tables with our table being next to cash register so clearly we weren't unnoticed. I asked the owner if he could get his drink and expressed that it had been 17 minutes. The owner doesn't offer to get the drink or apologize, but makes an irritating situation worse by saying sarcasticly "oh it wasn't 16 or 18 minutes?!" & begins to laugh at me. I could not believe it. I asked if he was the manager which is when he arrogantly said he was the owner and I said well, that's worse. I am a business owner and first of all would never speak to a customer in a condesending or sarcastic way and certainly not because a patient customer politely asked for the drink they ordered almost 20 min prior. He literally walked away rolling his eyes and laughing at me when I was speaking to him. I hope that this review saves other pizza lovers from a dinner that is ruined by poor service and an owner who treats his customers so poorly. It literally ruined my night. I don't know what the reason was why my husband was totally dismissed or treated different from the other customers. Nor do I know why the staff also did not want to greet me or get me a drink, but at the end of the day, those things were just small annoyances we would have totally let slide if it weren't for the owner's comments and actions which are completely inexcusable. There are too many other restaurants with hard working business owners who have integrity, for us to have to support a place that doesn't treat their customers with respect.
OUT OF BUSINESS \n\nI stopped by for breakfast this morning, for the first time in about six weeks, and saw a for rent sign in the front window.
I don't understand the hype here and the 4 1/2 star rating. I ate here yesterday and had the roasted chicken and fried rice. The chicken had good flavor but for $10.81 for a quarter chicken and white rice I think that is crazy but if people are willing to pay that on a consistent basis no need for them to lower their prices. NOT FOR ME. The Fried rice was not good at all. Strange smell and didn't like the flavor at all. Also, this dish was $14.06 which was a total joke. The only reason I'm giving 2 stars is because the 2 girls that worked the counter were total sweethearts and very pleasant. If this place gets the business and gets those prices God bless them but they will not see me again.
Love all the Postinos/LGO/Chelsea's Kitchen places, so obviously had to try this one out! A friend and I went for lunch on a Tuesday. The patio looks wicked, too bad it was 140 degrees out and everyone was definitely waiting for an inside table. Had to wait about 15 mins but finally got a great table by the wall that says YES. Lunch cocktails and wine are apparently all $5, so I had a great pear cocktail/martini concoction that was delish. My friend got the paper bag chicken sandwich (YUM) and I got the quino (I always forget how to spell that word...) salad with a million grilled veggies. Flavor was a little bland- but it was just grains and veggies and goat cheese- so it was still yummy. I had to try the mac n cheese (I always do) and it was GREAT! Service was lovely- really nice waitress and the hostess gets 4 stars for having to deal with customers who appeared to be mad at HER that it was so hot out??? Weird. \nWe stopped at Churn (gelato place next door) after lunch and it was fantastic. \nI'll come back to enjoy the patio, cheap drinks and mac n cheese soon!
Came for lunch on Friday 25 May, and was seated at the bar. We were served by this chap who said he was filling in from another restaurant. When I asked him what's good in the menu, he said he's never eaten the food so he has no clue what to suggest. Service was slow and food came out maybe 30 minutes later. Paying the check also took a long time. Apart from the really bad service - the burger tasted good. But take note that the burger costs around $15-20 and didn't come with any sides, that's an additional $9-12. The truffle fries was pretty ordinary l, but the onion rings were much tastier.
This place is amazing! The outside building is incredibly impressive. When we went inside, we were happily even more impressed. I have been to all sorts of Chinese buffets, but nothing like this. The presentation of food is exquisite. This is not the normal food slapped into a steam tray.  Here each station is a beautiful presentation. The serving areas were spotless, but even so there were people constantly polishing and cleaning the food areas. \n\nThen to the food itself. Each item I selected would stand on its own as being excellent if ordered from a menu. Plus the variety is amazing. Then there is the staff. Each one we encountered was very friendly and had a smile for us.\n\nThe only negative things I can say is that we don't live anywhere in the area, and unfortunately won't be able to return for a long time. If we did live there, we would certainly be regulars. The other negative is that my stomach would not expand to accept all the other dishes I wanted to try.\n\nBefore going here we read the various Yelp reviews of other competing "similar" restaurants. I really don't understand how they even can be mentioned. This place is fantastic and I am so glad we did not succumb to the reviews for the other restaurants.
This is the best pasta I've had outside of Italy. They are incredibly helpful in assisting you in picking out your pasta and are very friendly. \n\nWe got the pesto sauce with lemon pepper noodles and the pomodoro sauce with garlic rosemary noodles. We also got the french dip sandwich. Everything was incredibly delicious. We got the stuffed cookies for dessert and I also tried the Updog apple pie kambucha which were all great. \n\nYou get your food fast and can either way there at the bar or on the heated patio outside it get it to go. \n\nWe will definitely be coming back again!
Just tried this pita place for lunch as they had mailed my office some coupons and I was pleasantly surprised! They had way more toppings than I expected (bean mix, broccoli salad, tabbouleh, 3 different kinds of hummus and tons of fresh veggies). I also really liked their tuna option, as it's not mixed with mayonnaise, allowing you to create your own 'tuna salad' wrap by choosing from their hummus options or other sauces.\n\n It's really convenient that they list the calories for the pitas and for $6, the 'regular' size was a perfect portion! I'm definitely coming back to try their falafel and veggie pita, too.
FANTASTIC.  Service?  5 stars.  Friendly, efficient, anticipates needs, gracious.  Food?  5 stars. Delicious, came exactly as ordered, came quickly, portions were big, but we all ate every bite it was so good.  Decent selection of beers, comfortable small space.  I would eat here again and again if I lived in the area, but was just here for work.  I recommend this restaurant highly and without reservation.
It was good but over priced. Very first time going, I would go again but on rare occasion. Wish the meats were labeled.
The best sushi I have ever eaten. Staff is ok, not the best service. They seem to have a staffing issue. I never see the same staff in there other than the sushi chef.
This place is hit or miss when it comes to customer service, but usually it's a "miss". Have encountered many staff members who seem quite disinterested in the fine art of customer service and would rather be playing on their iphones or thinking about their acting career. Only a previous manager who has since departed offered anything beyond acceptable. Too bad cause the food and beverages are actually pretty tasty, especially the power breakfast which is one of my favorites.
Osaka has the best Chinese food in the Pittsburgh area! I ordered my all time favorite hunan shrimp! The vegetables were fresh and cooked just right! The rice and hunan sauce was so delicious too. They weren't stingy with the shrimp either which were cooked to perfection! They cooked with the jumbo shrimp! The food came quick and the service was great!
Let me start by saying, I was surprisingly amazed by this slightly upscale-hipster bbq spot.  Two co-workers and I got off work early and wanted bbq.  Two of us are avid backyard pitmasters ourselves, so when he suggested Pot Liquor, I was game to see what he was all joyous about. \n\nI will say that my experience here rates a 5 based on a combination of atmosphere, service,  and good food.  \n\nThe restaurant, as I eluded, is not your typical bbq joint, and I have visited my share in Kansas City, Texas, Memphis, and Arkansas, as well as Nevada.  It was in fact very hipster and had a unique vibe with the staff, young and spirited.  The restaurant was also very clean and comfortable. \n\nThe restaurant hosted a decent selection of craft and domestic beers, as well as a fully stocked bar.  \n\nOur waitress, Dani, was hip and cool.  She was so helpful to us as we attempted to make our selections.  In fact, not knowing the menu, we almost ordered three separate selections just to get a sampling of everything.  Now, Dani could have taken our money, let us order way to much food, and sent us off fat and happy, just making money for the venue, however, Dani stopped us, gave us her honest opinion on what our best bet was and saved us probably $60!  To me that is service. \n\nNow, the food.  For appetizers, we went with pork skins and burnt ends.  Now, I am not a big pork skin fan, but these things came out smelling awesome AND crackling.  They were delicious! The burnt ends were good, in my opinion, cut a little large, but very tender and flavorful.  The sides, we chose were the greens, mac and cheese, and candied yams.  These were all very tasteful, however, I tried not to dig into them to much, because I was saving room for the meat!. \n\nThe main dishes consisted of sliced brisket, baby back pork ribs, beef spare ribs, Carolina style pulled pork, smoked sausage, and a 1/2 chicken. \n\nI could write a book going over each meat, so I will just say that I was not disapointed in what this hipster bbq joint turned out.  My favorite by far were the beef spare ribs, which is suprising because I am a baby back pork rib fan anyday of the week.  But these beef spare ribs were tender and juicy, with a really great seasoning.  I was also glad that they were served dry. \n\nFinally, if you are concerned about sauces, they brought out a tray of various kinds, but if you want heat, you have to ask for it.  Their habanero sauce was reported to be 8 out of 10, and it definitely lived up to it! It was hot though, without overpowering the meat. \n\nAll in all, I would suggest any bbq aficionado to check out Pot Liquor.  The prices are a little higher, so I would not suggest it for a large family with kids, who aren't going to be eating much, unless you just want to splurge. \n\n*on a final note, we learned one of the two chefs who started Pot Liquor had just passed away.  Dani shared this with us and she became very moved.  I could tell and I told her that I felt they are very family oriented and she quickly said this was a second family to her, and it definitly showed.
Great house margaritas! Never any regrets trying this place out or making it a staple.  And ladies... come see Rob! He's here almost every night. Always super sweet, attentive and mucho sexy!!
it gives off a great vibe of variety with all the different floors! I like going there with friends on the weekend; we can always count on having a good time at marios
"Do you know on this one block you can buy croissants in five different places? There's one store called Bonjour Croissant. It makes me want to go to Paris and open up a store called Hello Toast."  ?  Fran Lebowitz\n\nWoke up this morning to find some delicious croissants on the table and a mug of french-pressed Kona coffee all thanks to Mr. W.  This is how every morning should start off.  Being that it was a gorgeous Sunday morning, I sat down on the couch, dragged a throw blanket over my shoulders, ripped a croissant in half, and chewed on the most flaky and buttery croissant ever.  It was light, airy, and delicious.  I was lucky enough to grab a peanut butter filled one and had ended up splitting it with Mr. W.  Also to be tasted was a Bavarian cream filled croissant.\n\nP.croissants has been Mr. W.'s favorite place for croissants growing up, seeing that his childhood home is down the street.  I'm glad he's decided to share this treat spot with me.  I would love to come back and try some of their sandwiches!
Would definitely not eat here again. Just bought a $20 pasta and I was so disappointed when I opened it. It was so small and there was just nothing to it. I don't like leaving one stars but this one calls for it.
We came into this established the first time on date night  with StefonieHerrington and Germaine Deschenes. Our server her name was Debbie , they place down hush puppies got our drinks together and kept our glasses filled , now the girls ordered just standard Seafood, myself I tried something different I tried crocodile tail and frog legs for the first time, actually the food was really good they actually bring out some catfish also you will not leave this place hungry or disappointed I would recommend this place to anyone PS there's lots of parking and this place actually is very big inside and very clean
Friendly staff. \nAll you can eat coleslaw salad and rice.  I wouldn't eat a lot anyways but it's still a bonus.  \nThe Katsu is crispy and crunchy on the outside and the meat is tender on the inside.
Service was terrible! Sorry Courtney, it is managements responsibility to train you. You didn't even take our dirty plates away from us so we could have after dinner conversation.
Love this place. Bang Bang chicken sandwich is a favorite, as is their stuffed pepper soup. Baked goods are awesome too. Individuals who work there are friendly for the most part, but some look at you like you are inconveniencing them (esp the guy at the register) so that is why I knocked them down one star. Overall work it for a nice and relatively healthy/fresh lunch  or breakfast spot!
LOVED this place! Great small plates for sharing made it easy to try so many different types of food offered there! It was great to be able to feed three girls off three small plates! I love the area that it's in and how they are trying to revive it. Such an expansive restaurant with cool outdoor seating and two bar locations. \n\nGood prices on beer and food as well. Service was great and our server was the bartender as well. Really enjoyed the whole experience and the nachos were a table favorite!
Whoever invented this whole acai bowl fad, I am your biggest fan! And thank goodness for this local place to bless Arizona with their presence in several locations. I had tried my first acai bowl at a different local juice bar and was quite loyal to them until I came across Thrive! The price to portion ratio is the best of all the places of tried and I've tried A LOT. If there's acai on the menu, I get it. But Thrive definitely is at the top of my list. I have never been to a place that serves so many varieties and plays on flavors of acai! It is superfood to it's highest degree. All the ingredients are high quality and fresh to the taste. It must help to be located right next to Sprouts! The plaza itself is a win with these 2 businesses in existence. The staff is always super friendly. It can get busy so be prepared to wait a few minutes for your order - don't come here if you're in any rush. You do have the option to call in your order though I have never tried it. I also suggest having your bowl 'for here' because it feels like you get more bang for your buck in their dine-in bowls compared to the to-go bowls. A small is more than filling for one. The boyfriend enjoys their smoothies. Always love the music playing, that is a plus. There's limited seating inside. A few tables outside. They sell Quest bars in a number of flavors for those on the prowl for them. And other healthy snacks as well as a brand of protein and supplements I believe. Free wifi. What more can you ask for?
My girlfriend and I stopped in for a quick meal and absolutely loved it! We got the brisket nachos and shared them and both left completely stuffed! \n\nVery cool outdoor eating arrangement as well as knowledgeable servers when it comes to their food or alcohol! \n\nDefinitely would recommend! \n4 stars because of the price and the actual restaurant does not have a bathroom
This was the Burma gai yellow curry w chicken and the crispy Thai basil chicken. Both spice level medium. Both amazing! Love this place. Never had anything but the jalapeño fried rice that I didn't love. Jon was my bartender this time. Extremely knowledgeable about the menu and made great suggestions that I loved.\n\n****Update: Tip if you're unsure about spice level... order spice level 2, ask for a spice caddy. Then you can play with heat on your own ;) ****
Fried pickles are terrible, waitress said owners are from Chicago and they have the best Chicago hot dog in town. We ordered the Chicago hot dog, unfortunately it came with cucumbers, no big deal, pick them off but don't you dare say you're from Chicago and put cucumbers on a Chicago dog! Maybe you're from Indiana,  I don't know,  but Chicago,  come on now. Glad I didn't try the Italian beef, probably comes with zucchini on it, lol
I grew up in Silver City New Mexico and grew up with a certain kind of Mexican Food taste ... this place NAILS IT.  I love anything green chile on their menu.  The tacos and enchiladas (love the flavor of their red sauce) are amazing too, and more recently I had their red chile plate which because a favorite.  Anything and everything I have had here is amazing.  I love their beans and rice too ... Not much of a kids menu if your kids don't like Mexican food, but they do have cheese crisps for them (just no chicken nuggets or grilled cheese like some other Mexican kids menus do) \n\nAnyway - this place is in my top 2 of go to Mexican Food spots in the East Valley (QC, Gilbert, Mesa etc)  Do yourself a favor and EAT HERE - you will be sending me a compliment thanking me later.
After a very difficult year, my husband and I decided to treat ourselves to a romantic Christmas dinner here after seeing five stars on open table. We signed up for a farm to table experience. When we arrived at 6:30 the sun had gone down and sadly, took with the view with it. Our entire experience felt impersonal, rushed, and as if we were a part of a large banquet. There were no Christmas decorations, no Christmas music or cheer, and there was no one announcing what we were eating when the food was served. The menu was a four course meal excluding alcohol and the bill came to $280 for the two of us. The food was good but was severely overpriced. On the way out no one wished us a happy holiday or a good evening. All in all we had a very sad experience with good food. It is very unfortunate as we are locals that would have enjoyed making this place our new favorite get away for a great meal.
This is a great sushi place.  If you like sushi you must try the Uni, yellowtail and the Paradise roll. This place is so good and fresh.  Uni shooters too
Nothing impressive, it's nothing more than average. Their brunch had really small serving sizes and pushy service. Everything tastes just fine, I can't believe i was really looking forward to dine here
We went here with our kids and our particular mom. The staff was amazing and so accommodating. The food was delicious and fast. We will definitely go back!
My husband and I went there for an early dinner. The food was alright but could have been better. Our waitress was wonderful and I wish I could remember her name. But the state of the place - Come On!\n\nFrom the moment we walked in, it just looks dirty. Plain and simple. Unswept, littered with bits and pieces of napkin, straw wrapper pieces, even some food particles. The booth we were led to had seats that also had trash on them, clearly not wiped down. The place is staffed to the hilt, more than enough young able-bodied people to be cleaning up the place. Instead, they loitered around if they had no one to wait on. And the bathrooms, more of the same. Two waitresses came through during my trip to the ladies room, so somebody with eyes could have seen the need to clean. \n\nMismanagement of staff.\n\nIt was like this the last time we went as well, but I hoped it was just a busy night. I think we'll steer clear for a while and see if they can get their act together.
Awesome beer selection!!!!! This is my second visit and both trips have been great. Excellent salsa and my favorite dish is the black bean quesadilla with pineapples in it. Service has always been good as well. Did I mention the beer selection?  :)
FnB is located in oldtown Scottsdale.  It's quaint, simple, yet elegant in its menu.  My favorites were the spicy broccoli with tangerine aioli and pistachios and roasted rutabaga with ginger creme fraiche and crispy onion slivers.  You'll love this place!
So far, THE BEST buffet I've been to in Vegas. Their menu selection is ridonkulous. Service is excellent. This place is worth every penny, and definitely worth it to come early to avoid lines. My dad loved this buffet, and he is probably one of the toughest people on the planet to please with a meal. Just read all the glowing reviews and you'll see the common thread, no need for me to repeat what everybody else is saying. :)
Are you a fan of the pleasant aroma of pure dog shit. Well then do I have the place for you. As soon as you walk in the smell of fermenting shit overtakes you like a homeless man sucker punching you straight in the gut. As you become more desensitized, still try to breath through your mouth as the smell never truly leaves just like the bitter sweet memories of your first crush on Tapenga from Boy Meets World.\n\nFood was pretty good!?!
This place is good. It is a chain though, and it certainly has that feel, and so there's only so high you can rate it. But we had a good experience.\n\nOrdered a bottle of wine, a steak, and a salad. All were really good. Server was also really nice. And the place offered a lovely escape from the cold outside. \n\nThere was a 45min wait for the dining room, but we went into the bar and sat at a table and it was good.\n\nNice experience, though it is pricey, and it is a chain (albeit a slightly more stylish one than Baton Rouge, for example). A tad on the touristy side too, but that was enjoyable.
I love Moe's and get Postmates or takeout from this one often. I haven't had a bad experience until today. Something was very odd with my burrito. It tasted terrible. I figured out the beans were the culprit. I'm not sure if it was just a bad batch or if the were old. They had an almost rotten smell to them. I ended up throwing away my burrito. If you see this today definitely don't get the beans.
Its a 3.5 rating for me. Very close to 4; \n\nRyan and I were having a Mini Vacation out in Vegas December 14-17th; My friends always come to Vegas (my best friend is Dating someone from out there) and I had only been to Vegas once in my entire life for a little less than a day. \n\nI decided that since I've stepped into this town without the faintest idea of what I'm doing, I'll holler at my friends who are no strangers. They suggested Grand Lux; I had never heard of this place before even though its a chain and I didn't even know it was part of the Cheesecake Factory family until I Yelped it (Like the good yelper I am, I referred to my iPhone app to spy on this place before diving in)* and was relieved to find that it got pretty good reviews. \n\nWe ate here twice. First time was yum nummy.\n\nLunch: \n--Buffalo chicken rolls HOLY COW good; \n--Ryan's Enchilada lunch special was very good\n--My chicken salad/house salad/chicken and mushroom soup was.. a little bland, it was okaaay, but It needed SOMETHING. Finished my salad the vinaigrette was good. \n\nThey have some pretty good lunch deals which are HUGE servings even for lunch. The Buffalo chicken rolls were soo good, I crave them all the time. \n\nDinner (the next day) \n--Ryan got Crispy Caramel Chicken with Rice which was pretty good although we were a bit apprehensive about the caramel part. \n\n++Now here's where they lose points++\n--I got the flat bread spicy chicken sandwich which was HORRIBLE! Bland Bland; Flat bread was tough and tasted like cardboard, chicken was bland and tasted like Subway "roasted chicken" the spicy mayo was gross and the fries were way too crunchy & COLD. I was so disappointed. \n\n--Good thing I was able to get a little full from the Buffalo Rolls we ordered again. \n\n\nIt seemed like I got the short straw here.. My food was never that great, but Ryan's was waaay better. Almost like a different place. Put I do give it points for having some good things on the menu, but I have to take some away for being kind of inconsistent. \n\n\nSo I struggle with the stars here. I wouldn't kick GLC out of bed though. I'll come back here again because for two 21 year old struggling college students, the prices weren't bad at all. I'll come back. But I just wish the place was consistent. \n\n\n**Yelp actually saved me from a lot of places out in Vegas. You could be a big name four star restaurant, but if Yelp gives you bad reviews I'm taking its word for it. I love Yelp.
Good place for sit down lunch l. Service is inconsistent, and will have a wait even if you see open tables. Liked the Roasted red peppers as an add on to meal.
The casino is pretty small and in some places really smokey.  The air system doesn't seem to push the smoke very well.  There were some places that was hot and other areas where you would freeze your a$$ off.  The dealers on the tablle I didn't like very much.  They saw that I was a platinum boarding pass holder but asked me where I play.  I usually go to Green Valley Ranch and they kept making comments of me finally getting smart and playing at Sunset.  Not very professional when it's a sister property.  Joking I get it but to say it over and over again for the 20 mins I decided to stay at the table was very irritating.  I finally took my money and left.  I don't plan on doing any gaming here in the future and will come back for bowling only.  The amenities the hotel provides is a plus however.  They have a kids area where you can drop off for a few hours, movies, bowling, etc.  That's the only reason I gave this hotel the 3rd star.
Exelente atención!  Espectacular sazón! Y lo mejor que todo lo hacen con amor y dedicación!
I love this place. Not a chain so they can go above and beyond for you. They have an awesome patio that has a fire pit and comfortable seating. The food is great as well. Try the mussels and the gnocchi. If you sit at the bar you will most likely get Michelle on a Monday or Tuesday. She is super welcoming and as I said before, goes above and beyond to make you the drink you want. And the bar is HUGE!!! I suggest anyone that like good Italian food try it!!
Awesome the food is so amazing love love love this place I've been here a few times and never was disappointed will definitely be back again, and again, and again Thank you all for all the great hospitality and service that you give your customers !!!
I found about this restaurant's lunch deal and made a reservation 2 weeks prior to my trip to Las Vegas! $25.15 for a 3-course prix-fixe price (excluding upgrades) - like what beats that on the Vegas strip?! \n\nMy first impression of this restaurant was terrific! It is located on the second floor of the Cosmopolitan hotel. If you go up the escalators, make an immediate left. It is located between two restaurants, STK and Blue Ribbon. The decor of the place is beautiful and formal, fits the Mediterranean theme. I would have loved to sit outdoor but didn't want to sweat in the Vegas heat. The outdoor seating overlooks the strip.. it would be great to dine outside for dinner! The only thing that "threw" the place off was the seafood laying out at the right of the restaurant. But little did I know that you walk over there to pick the fish you want in your stomach, which is pretty neat.\n\nMy friends and I quickly got our drinks as well as their complimentary bread with olive oil. Supposedly, the bread is toasted over an open flame! We had two waiters, who were fantastic. We couldn't decide what to get for the appetizers, so one of the waiters recommended 3 to us to share.\n\nFood we ordered:\n-Appetizers:\nTomato Salad (Feta cheese, seasoned with Greek herbs & extra virgin olive oil)\nHortopita (Organic Greens & Herbs)\nGreek Meze Plate (Tarama, Htipiti, and Tzatziki)\n-Entrees:\nShetland Island Organic Salmon (With steamed vegetables)\nShrimp Saganaki (Cous cous, tomato and feta)\nColorado Prime Lamb Chops (French fries & broccoli) - $10 extra\n-Desserts:\nGreek Yogurt\nKaridopita (With kaimaki ice cream)\n\nTomato Salad (4/5): I highly recommend this if you do like your tomatoes ripe, juicy, and red. I'm not a cheese person, but one of my friends kept bringing up about how delicious the feta cheese was. I would compare this salad to Olive Garden's... not comparable to the taste but the craving of wanting more after your plate is clean. If only this salad was refillable like Olive Garden's. This was probably my favorite out of the 3 appetizers.\n\nHortopita (3/5): If I can explain this in two words, it'd be Spinach Pie. It's a flaky pastry served with herbs inside. This appetizer was my least favorite. \n\nGreek Meze Plate (4/5): The 3 spreads on here were freshly made. This appetizer is personal preference on what spreads fit your palate. I ranked them #1 Htipiti, #2 Tarama, and #3 Tzatziki. It was my first time trying Htipiti (roasted red pepper and feta cheese) and Tarama (fish roe, olive oil, and lemon). I found the Tzatsiki less creamier here than the others I tried in other Mediterranean restaurants.\n\nShrimp Saganaki (3/5): Presentation was okay. I expected it to be different. This dish is served with 4 pieces of shrimp and cous cous. Nothing memorable with the shrimp. The tomato sauce was delicious! I would usually mix the tomato sauce and cous cous. I wouldn't order this again.\n\nShetland Island Organic Salmon: My friend ordered this. The salmon is huge, not sure if it was lunch-sized! It was cooked perfectly... probably one of the best I've tried. Besides the salmon, you get trunks of broccoli on your plate. \n\nColorado Prime Lamb Chop: My friend ordered this. Two lamb chops served with a bed of fries. I only tried a bite of the lamb chop, but my friend devoured this plate. Even though this plate comes with fries, I would alter them for something different if I was to order this.\n\nGreek Yogurt (4/5): I actually ended up liking this! Greek yogurt with raspberry sauce presented in a martini glass. If you are not sure about what greek yogurt tastes like, then think of tart flavor at your local frozen yogurt place! Very simple.\n\nKaridopita: I actually ordered this with another friend, but the waiter messed it up. Anyways, the walnut cake had a certain taste to it while the ice cream brought the sweet flavor to balance everything out. Moist and flavorful.\n\nMy friends and I left satisfied and happy. Once again, our waiters were great! Our waters never went below halfway, I believe. They were prompt and always around if we needed them. Their lunch is definitely something you should try out!
Ordered a London fog with coconut milk. Got a cup of water with two t-bags, barely any milk and no syrup almost $6 and was super gross and bitter. Next day I went back and ordered a white chiclayo mocha. It was better. I tried to mention the London Fog to the cashier as constructive criticism. She just looked at me and nodded. Barely spoke English and had no clue what I was saying. I feel like the management is slipping after being unhappy at 3 locations. I'm converting to second cup. They are more consistent.
Excellent banh mi! More expensive than they used to be, but still cheap and tasty. Cash only but there's no shortage of banks nearby. Can't comment on the hot food or groceries, but the place is always busy with people doing their shopping, so I'm sure you can't go wrong.
This little outdoor-only joint is on the corner of Fashion Show, right across from the Wynn.  I love sitting outdoors and people watching here, especially when the weather is nice, but they use heaters and misters in the cold and hot weather, respectively, to keep the climate comfortable.  Don't let the extreme weather keep you away!  \n\nThe burgers are fresh (seriously!!) and flavorful!  Even the plainest of burgers here will knock your socks off.  The garlic fries are to die for.  And, if you're not already thinking alcoholic beverage, then you should give the chocolate fudge milkshake a whirl.\n\nI can't say the service has ever been anything but average, but the burgers, fries, and the location make up for anything this restaurant lacks in the service department.
Love the crispy beef so much that I hardly try anything else. Other reviewers have mentioned receiving dried out steamed rice and, yes, I've had that happen to me once too. The General Tao chicken is good, the sauce is quite thick and coloured red. A friend had the butter chicken, I wasn't a fan of it but to each their own.
Who needs burrito bowls when you can have poke bowls? I think I eat enough fish for my body to be recognized as a thermometer. That mercury life!\n\nI wish this place existed back when I was a wee lil Sun Devil at ASU.  I remember back when I was a student, Pizza Hut bread sticks from the Memorial Union was the coolest thing you can get on campus and surrounding dining consisted of either a damn good burger at The Chuckbox or the worst Thai food ever from Charlie's.  You Sun Devils got it SO good these days.  At least parking in Lot 59 was only $75 when I went so suck it.\n\nNow, to start: HAPPY ANNIVERSARY, AHIPOKI! \n\nI'm writing this review for their third restaurant on the first year anniversary of their first location.  Woo!  I frequent the Chandler location the most but I can say that no matter which location you pop into, quality and quantity is consistent.  One big bonus about this ASU location is that they're open later.  Parking can be a little aggravating and the traffic in the area is something straight out of a nightmare but if you want clean eats that's both good and good for you, stop into Ahipoki!  \n\nThe regular half-and-half is always more than enough for me and you gotta wash it down with the Tropical drink.  It might give you diabetes but it's so good.  One thing that Ahipoki does that the competitors don't do is mix the salad and fish with the sauce. I hate eating my rabbit food without sauce.  So yes, slather it on, Ahipoki! #SauceBauce\n\nI'm a fan for life!
Burger's Priest has a few seats and constant traffic which is great to see.  *Me thinks these burgers must be good with all these people!!  \n\nUnfortunately, this place fell far below expectations.  It was a party of two that day.  I  ordered The Vatican City, she ordered the Priest... both burgers were too small, bland and lacking the meat (flavour) that makes a burger a burger.  Far from the best burger in the city.
Typical truck stop food\n Buffet did not look good at all. Wife had decided club sandwhich would be a safe bet. I had chicke fried steak w/mashed potatoes. Both meals were good. Breading on steak was crispy and flavorful.
This place makes great deep fried pork dumplings (oval-like shaped, brown and crispy, deep fried, pork filled dumplings).  They are packed with filling and perfectly crispy on the outside but soft and sticky on the inside.  They are also very cheap too. If you go after 5pm they sell them for 5 for $2.  They also make great mini veggie egg rolls, which they sell 5 for $2 after 5pm too.  It`s my default place to go if I want some deep fried goodness.\n\nI can't comment on their baked buns as I don't normally get them from here.
Yummy, and a great overall experience with Oscar serving it up with style. First time there- love the introduction you get and the education behind the menu items. Calamari was done better than most, with amazing dipping sauces.Steak was cooked beautifully and Butterfish could not have been better. Both were accompanied by delicious sides. Atmosphere was casual and enjoyable. The only suggestion is to remove the tiny table by the pole- it's awkward.
This place use to be good.  I had a chicken philly and they used cubed pieces chicken instead of the thinly cut meat that they use to use.  This thing was horrible.  They certainly cant call it a philly anymore.   Yukkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Went to try this place out and thought it was expensive given the shady location, but the quantity and size makes up for it. I would probably not go out of my way to go again, but was content with what Big Daddy's Burger had to offer. Great customer service.\n\n\nMy order [$$]: (1) Big Daddy 14 oz. burger and (2) Big Daddy poutine\n\n(1) The burger was 14 oz. prepared as a flat, thin patty. I found you had to eat around a ring of beef before actually getting to the burger. The patty is homemade and seasoned well which over all gives a better than average taste.\n\n(2) The Big Daddy poutine had mounds of beef and sausage, but consequently a little lacking in cheese and gravy. The fries were freshly cooked and not greasy at all. The taste didn't blow my mind, but it was a different poutine experience.
This new breakfast restaurant from Colorado is awe...some... I was super impressed, and the husband was too. I almost don't want to tell anyone because I don't want to have to wait for hours to eat here (ha.). So, to start, the restaurant is decorated cutely, definitely not reminiscent of the souper salad or whatever that was there before. We sat down and read the story of their coffee...I guess the owner went to Guatemala and personally picked out the coffee they use....pretty cool stuff, also was tasty. Then our waitress came by to see if we were ready, I told her I was between two things, and she said, oh well that's great because we order half and half anything for the same price....I was flabbergasted. What?!?! Yup. You can get half pancakes half tacos or two different types of benedict or half french toast half benedict or whatever.....that is the coolest thing ever!!!! I love variety, so this kinda rocked my socks. I ended up ordering half harvest bene and half chilaquiles bene. The husband got the pineapple upside down pancakes (PS you can get flights of pancakes...3 different types....ahhhh!). The harvest bene was good, had a goat cheese polenta cake, leeks, other fresh veg...with a perfectly poached egg and hollandaise. As good as that was, the chilaquiles was Ah mazing! Delicious roasted beef barbacoa, spicy tomato pico, another perfectly poached egg and a cheddar hollandaise....it was heaven on a plate. Even the potatoes were good (and I'm not a huge breakfast potato fan). The husband loved his pineapple pancakes....he said they were the best pancakes he's had in town...to quote him 'these pancakes were better than any I had on any Hawaiian island.' I will definitely be back and if it's consistently this good, it will be a five star for sure.
We liked it. Had pot stickers, egg foo young, shrimp with lobster sauce  and chicken with mixed vegetables. Service is great.
This place lives up to the "Epic" description! Sure, the wait is over an hour-- but it is well worth it!! Whether you are craving sushi, ribs, tacos, a gelato (or all) look no further. The pot stickers were phenomenal! I also loved the cheese and meat station. I thought i would never trust the sushi at a buffet anywhere, but this one was super fresh!! All in all, a great experience for less than you'd pay at a steakhouse on the strip.
Good Japanese style  steak and seafood spot. Prices put this off for people on a budget but the food and presentation are good.\n\nThe chefs cook in front of you and everything is good here. \n\nThis place is usually jam packed with people so MAKE A RESERVATION!
This place was cool, I was expecting more.  It's quite nice on the inside.  We were seated pretty quickly, considering how busy it was on a Thursday evening.  We ordered drinks to start, a Suffering Bastard and Spiced Pear.  They were both pretty weak, though the Spiced Pear had better flavor. If you've ever been to Porco Tiki bar, this Suffering Baster doesn't compare.  We ordered crab cakes, which were good. They were just small.  I would have much preferred 2 larger cakes to 3 small cakes.  SO ordered the ribs with sweet potato fries and onion rings.  The rings are battered and not breaded (which is a big deal to me lol, breaded always cuts gums).  The ribs were pretty tasty as was the cornbread they brought out.  I ordered the brisket and was immediately disappointed.  It was dry AF!  We didn't even finish it. Thank goodness I had my dirty grits and mac & cheese to keep the hungries away.  We did get a second round of lackluster cocktails: he a gin & tonic and I got the Devil's grandma.  We decided to skip dessert since we weren't impressed with the offerings.  Service was adequate and the atmosphere was fine.  But if I want upscale BBQ, I'll probably stick to Mabel's.
Hands down the best Indian cuisine in Vegas.  Plakat Paneer (spinach & home made cheese) brings back incredible memories of Indian town in Singapore. ..doesn't get any more authentic than this. . And you can beat the $10.99 lunch buffet price!
Really tasty food, and fresh. Clean restaurant and friendly staff. I would recommend this place.
Came here for oyster happy hour with a co-worker last night, and to be honest this was my first (good) experience with them.  I've never been a huge fan of oysters, but my boss swore by them and he has a great track record thus far of recommending the best restaurants.  These oysters were fresh without tasting overly fishy, absolutely delicious.  They had two kinds, east and west coast, if I had to choose one over the other I'd go with the east coast as these seemed meatier.  We also ordered sushi for dinner, and I've had a great experience in the past with their fish quality, having bought sushi grade fish for my own making.  Definitely recommend stopping by here for an awesome dinner!
Wow! The poutine in this place is just seriously good! When we got here, the line was pretty long. We said to each other, "wow, the line is long, the poutine here better damn good!" \n\nWe finally seated, checked out their menu. They have a large selection of poutine. We ordered the classic poutine & the pizza poutine. The place was packed & almost everyone there ordered nothing but poutine.\n\nThe food finally came & wow!! Just like what we said to each other earlier, it was good! So damn good! Now we know why people willing to line up to get inside this place. We can't say anything bad about the poutine here. Everything was just perfect! Flavorful! Delicious! Mind blowing!!! \n\nWe were here in a late afternoon & the line was definitely long. This place is open 24 hours. If you are a night owl, this place is probably best if you come late night. \n\nThis is definitely a must place to check out for anyone visiting Montreal. Good food, fast service, friendly staff, generous portions, great price!
Slap-Yo-Mamma fantastic!!! I'm going to write Yelp and have them invent another star just for them.....a sour apple star to match their awesome blends of Cool-aid.\n\nWe had the chicken and waffles that is worth flying across the county just to have a meal. Chicken perfectly seasoned and crispy, but not oily. Don't know how they do it but Southern perfection.....oops sorry to my Southern brothers but Phoenix got Yo whooped#\n\nEasily the best meal, let alone breakfast I've had in a long time. If you are in Phoenix rush to get you some!
"WOW... WOW...WOW" is the word I will use to describe how good they are ... while I am eating.  We ordered the Pork tender  and Chicken tender, they are excellent from outside having the crispy crust and super juicy inside.  For the curry, they are JP authentic style.  I also enjoy their oyster as side order.  They even have regular JP steamed rice and brown rice for you to choose from, and the level of spicy can be requested too.  MUST GO !!!!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!
A big 'meh' from me and my brunch companion would be even less complimentary. They must save the A crew for the weekend because Thursday morning opens late, makes you wait 30 minutes for the kitchen to open, another 30 minutes for runny eggs with an incomplete order. They only have a few weekday breakfast items; how can the cook be forgetful about what goes on the plate? And the famous challah French toast was completely unmemorable, save for the sort of interesting syrup.\n\nMy breakfast was ok but I have to acknowledge the shudder-inducing bathroom. Despite the yelp checkin bonus that entitles me to a $3 double americano, I won't be back.
What a hip little place in Dormont! I really loved\nevery aspect of my visit to Needle and Pin (except maybe the parking situation). We got to try a few items from the menu and honestly, everything was pretty amazing, especially the cocktails and lamb lollipops! Actually, everything we ordered was wonderfully prepared. For the food prices, I think the portions are a little small. However, I left feeling satisfied so I can't complain. Needle and Pin's concept is unlike any other in Pittsburgh, which is fusion of English and Indian Cuisine.
Went for Sunday brunch.  5 minute wait, not bad for brunch in Toronto.  \n\nSeats were comfortable.  Room was full, but volume level was low.  Coffee was very good, but the star was the Caesar, which was delicious.  Food was really good, but my dining companion didn't get eggs on his great Canadian breakfast, and had to ask where they were (they'd been forgotten).  Service was good.  Expensive overall, but that's brunch downtown for ya.  I'd go back for sure!
DO NOT LET THE OUTSIDE FOOL YOU!! I was really leery as we pulled into the parking lot about 6pm.... not many cars (maybe 2) but my husband said they had really great "Yelp" reviews and that I have said many times that "Yelp" hadn't failed in the past. So I went for it!!! We had the flaming kabob platter for two and it was delicious! Came with the freshest most tastiest hummus and nann that I ever had! The food was so plentiful that we had leftover for the next nights dinner. I will definately go back for more!!!
I am glad I read the latest reviews. We were going to bring a crowd of 16 hungry adults to celebrate combined birthdays. After learning that Tin Tin no longer serves 'all you can eat' crab legs in the buffet price, no thank you. \n\nIf you are the proprietor reading this and understand enough written English....\n\nSad choice you made. We have witnessed the same decision made by two other restaurants in the Asheville NC area. They have since closed and sold. Their demise was slow and painful. Watching their customer base slowly disappear must have been painful. But that is their dagger in their own back. \n\nLesson learned for restaurant owners:  Once you have reached a high point on your menu items, never back down or reduce. It is suicide. \n\nSorry Tin Tin, you were once great, like the Great Wall of China. But, like the Great Wall, it no longer serves a purpose.
Having left my packed lunch safely in the fridge at home (an event that happens far more often than I'd like to admit) I set off to try something new for lunch today. Fiesta Burrito was a great choice; thank you yelp!\n\nI ordered the machaca plate, no. 11. A generous helping of machaca with egg, onions, peppers, cheese, and rice and beans on the side. A flour tortilla to scoop it all up with, some fresh pico de gallo and salsa verde from the salsa bar and I was set for a great lunch.\n\nThe food was great and inexpensive. The service was friendly and the location was very clean. \n\nThey have a big menu with several combination plates, all with rice and beans, breakfast food served all day, and some great a la carte options if you don't want the full meal.\n\nCompared to other drive-through/quick order Mexican food places around, my meal here was comparable to Carolina's. That's the highest praise I can think to give a place like this.\n\nI'll definitely be back.
Went to Dillon's for lunch on 1/24, and had the half-order of onion rings and a brisket sandwich.  Both were fresh, hot, and delicious.  The brisket was amazing, smoky, and tender . . . probably the best I've ever had.  I'll definitely be back.
I have been ordering from this Papas johns for over a year, I say this just to give back ground.  I called in tonight a lady answered got my info...same phone number and address for this entire year.  She told me they do not deliver to my address.  I started to say you have been delivering to my address she hung up on me.  I called back got a gentleman, he asked my phone number, normally after I give my number they say is this ( then say my name) he asked how to spell my name, apartment number after several attempts of him not understanding I asked for a manager.  A woman got in the phone I ordered what I always do.  I always make sure to  specify no pepperoncinis in the box, the "manager" repeated the order.  The pizza came with you guess it Propagandhi in the box touching the pizza.
Ate here for the first time tonight and it was awesome. Really cool setting with a pretty diverse crowd. Ryan S. was our server and he was fantastic. Very knowledgeable, made great recommendations and was very attentive without being overbearing. My boyfriend and I were very, very happy with all of our food choices-most of them being server recommendations. Craft cocktails were definitely worth the trip as well! We will be back!
The hubby, myself and our 11 year old decided to try this place out and had a great meal! I had the mushroom Swiss burger and it was seasoned well and was very juicy. Normally I ask for mayo for my burgers to add some moisture, but didn't have to on this burger. My husband had fish and chips with a side of Mac and cheese. Both were very good. The Mac and cheese was nice and cheesy! My daughter had honey BBQ wings and smacked them down. I managed to get a bite of one and they were pretty good. \n\nThe nasty comments about the wait staff by a couple other reviewers was unnecessary...could be toned down a bit, but no need to be mean!\n\nWe will go back again in the future I'm sure!
Visiting from out of town for the weekend, and after walking around the block we decided on Flemings for dinner.  The restaurant was more than half empty on Sunday night, but thought to try it. We were promptly greeted at the door and seated. \nWe thought maybe Flemings would be close to Ruth's but I have to admit it wasn't.  The service was so casual, it was pretty disappointing.  We really couldn't tell who our waiter really was as 2 of them kept working our table. \nThe food was good, and it gets 4 stars.  We enjoyed the crab cakes, each enjoyed our salads (house & wedge), and enjoyed great steaks cooked and flavored just right. \nService - 2 stars; as the service was very casual; waiters never introduced themselves;  the food runner failed to remove the appetizer plates when he brought the salads. Then finally one waiter engaged in conversation with us. But that just couldn't make up for the rather slack, casual service. \nWe enjoyed the food!  But we did not enjoy the service; and for the price it should have been better.
Needed a down night in Vegas so went with team to stripburger and it was perfect. Outside seating, ice cold beers and great burgers. Got a bunch of apps and a few different burgers were ordered. Great alternative to the high end dining we did the rest of the week. If a cold beer and burger is what you want this is the place. Short walk across the street from the Wynn.
It's a good place for a noodle fix, which my hungover belly had in a bad way. The menu fare is interesting, service was nice (if not a little hipster elitist), but the lighting was awful! I came in for a Saturday lunch and the place was incredibly dark. No biggie, though. It was bright enough for my pork miso ramen. Hot sauce at the table was a good touch too.
I've been to Smallman street about fives times. I've generally liked my food and have had multiple types of entrees and sides. I really like the different sides and salads, but was generally underwhelmed with the omelette and tuna melt. The desserts are pretty good and they have a ton of different options for drinks. Three out of the four times the cashier has been a little abrasive, but never actually *rude*. The service is also very fast. I've never waited for over ten minutes for take out or eating in.
Okay, there is absolutely no reason zPizza should be dead on a Friday night.  The pizza is amazing, the staff is amazing, AND you get to pour your own beer or wine.  What's not to like? We stopped in on our way to a game because we had a Groupon.  We will be returning because of all the reasons I mentioned above.  \n\nWe thought we had already found our favorite pizza in AZ but we may be rethinking that now.  We decided on the American.  I'm really picky about sausage on my pizza, but this sausage was delicious! And did I mention the crust? Oh my, that crust! It's nice and crispy on the bottom and although thin, not thin enough to be considered a thin crust. I'm not sure if I've ever had pizza crust that perfect and delicious.  And there are SO many delicious sounding options available.  Vegan? No problem! Gluten free? No problem! Meat lover? No problem! Just want a slice? No problem! And everything is so fresh.  I honestly can't wait to return.  \n\nThen, of course, there's the beer (and wine if you want it). You are given a card and you can just go to town.  You can do tastings. You can pour a glass or two.  However you want to do it.  Just pay based on what you drink.  You really are doing yourself a disservice if you're in the area and don't stop in.  Just saying...
We gave this place a few chances but tonight was the last time. We've never had issues with the other Federico's, only this location at Dysart/Cactus. I hope they get rid of the manager, but I won't know cause I won't be coming back. Ordered at the drive thru, tried to use my Willow Canyon Football fundraising card, like I've used at all other locations  with no problem, and this location with changing terms. Last time I tried to use it, they told me I had to tell them at the time of order so they could tell the cook (probably to skimp on the order). This time the person taking the order called the manager on the phone and came back to say I could only use the card for a bean and cheese burrito. Cancelled my order and left. Don't sign up to support a fundraiser if you can't follow through on terms or keep a straight story.
I am only giving this a star because I absolutely have to. I have NEVER had worse service by a pizza company in my life. I would literally rather order from pizza hut. I made an order at 916pm and gave credit card information and everything hoping for my order in 45 to 50 minutes. After an hour and a half I call and am told that my order wasn't even accounted for and was nowhere to be seen. I gave phone number and address and was told that my order didn't exist. Infuriated, I check my bank account and the amount of 36 dollars and some is pending on my account. So not only am I being billed for something I never received I am being treated rudely by the woman on the phone with me tonight. I have always been treated with horrible customer service when ordering from this specific location, but this is the first time I have never received what I ordered. I have been a loyal customer to this location and refuse to deal with this ignorance any longer. So little Ceasars it is tonight. And I pray that my card isn't charged or there will be a call to a corporate location. I have never encountered such horrible customer service.
It sounded like Bastard Noise or Merzbow was blasting through the speakers of the drive thru menu.  Same menu as you'd find at any other 24 hour Mexican joint.  I only look at the burro section.  No 'Can i help you?' or 'Can I take your order?'.  Nothing like that.\n\nI just go for it.  "I'll have two breakfast burros; egg, potato and cheese.  And a bean and cheese burrito."\n\nNoise distorts out through the speaker.  I get the hint that it's rhythmically broken up into syllables.  \n\n"Hello?".\n\nMore noise.  Fuck it.  I pull forward.\n\nThe lady comes to the drive-thru window and repeats my order back to me.  She's basically got everything right.  The tip jar is a styrofoam cup taped rather shoddily to the drive-thru window.  She's not really sexy or young or anything but she's pretty.  I put a quarter in the tip jar cup thingy.  Our burros were $10.11.\n\nIt takes about three to four minutes for the burros to be wrapped, bagged and given to us.  My kids are pretty stoked.  The red salsa is pretty great as well.  \n\nThen it's on to Greyhound Park as we cruise Van Buren and sight see on our way to the flea market.  Saturday is beautiful.\n\nNote:  If you're at the drive thru window, don't look down.  It's full of old gum, straw wrappers, cigarette butts, gross spilled milk.  Trust me.  Eyes forward.  You're good.
Brunch was outstanding. We had the chive biscuits, non-traditional but tasty. Entrees were Tallegio polenta (creamy, rich, and decadent) and Croque Madam which was outstanding. Great toast, light bechamel, egg a tad underdone, and very good ham. Came with a side salad that cut the richness of the Croque. Servie was solid.\n\nGreat cocktails as well, peach bellini and trad mimosa.
I will definitely be back to this place often! The Ghirardelli chocolate fondue was phenomenal and with all the different kinds, you really can't go wrong! I've had both the cheddar and the Swiss cheese fondue and both were to die for! Very kid friendly and the service was phenomenal. The owners are so sweet and made me and my family feel welcome. Certainly suggest this!
This place has great posole, and it's all I order when I go there.  People are nice, and appreciate your business!  On my most recent visit I had the Green Posole and it was absolutely fantastic!  Rough area, they close early for a reason.  Not a good place to hang around after dark!  Look out for transients and pan handlers out front of other businesses next door!
Finally! This Peruvian joint is legit!  We moved from the Bay Area in California a little under a year ago and have been searching for good and authentic Peruvian food and we're sooo very happy we found it here at El Chullo!  Let me add, that in the Bay Area you have the gammit of delicious food options and even there a good Peruvian place was hard to find.  So we were super surprised that El Chullo met and exceeded our expectations.\n\n1. The ceviche was fabulous! Good amount of acidity, well prepared seafood, and it had all the fixings (corn, sweet potato, onion, etc.)\n2. We split an appetizer plate of 3 fixings and all of them were delicious!\n\nThe portions were proper size, and the prices were appropriate for the quality of food that was served! \n\nWe will defninitely be back again. \n\nLastly, we drove 30 minutes to get here and it was worth it!
Very good homemade food, guacamole is bomb!! Kinda cold inside but good makes up for it
Easily the best meal I've ever had. Every dish we ordered was solid. I would definitely recommend this place for anybody who wants to try something new. It is truly rewarding to the taste buds!
I finally remembered to drop by this place for the great banh mis I keep hearing about. Ding ding ding everyone who advised me to go deserve a gold star 'cause this place is seriously serving up good food!\n\nThe kalbi beef I ordered was so tender, juicy, and flavourful. They don't skimp on the meat at all. The toasted bun was crunchy outside and moist inside. The chopped veggies were cool and perfectly marinated. Biting into this thing was like getting a mouthgasm. I was taken through a journey of bursts of balanced flavour and texture (...am I still writing a review for a banh mi shop?!). \n\nOMG can I go back and grab another one right now?! My mouth is seriously salivating too much.
Yet again I get more morning craziness at this Starbucks. It's been a week since I was told they were out of some of their oatmeal toppings and that they would order some in. And in that week's time this Starbucks can't seem to get things done. I can get a package from a friend in Kiev, Ukraine sent halfway around the world in 4 days yet Starbucks can't seem to get basic inventory from a warehouse that's less than 500 miles away, if not less in an entire WEEK! I don't get it. So I said so this morning when placing my order. When I get to the main window to pay, the cash register mysteriously went on the fritz, and my entire order got comped. While I love free coffee and breakfast, what I really want is the items I requested. \n\nStill 1 Star. I can't reward bad inventory control with extra stars.
Stopped by for lunch discovered it was a bad choice.  Restroom stinks and sink over flowing.  Told manager I. Training and she acted like she did not care.  Very pricey for food.  First and last visit.
I visited here last Thursday after wanting to try it for a long time because I love dim sum.  I had two servers with very different attitudes- the girl who kept coming by was super sweet and incredibly helpful and nice to my baby!  The guy who was coming by seemed to be mad he was there and was very quiet and he also came off as irritated that I had a baby who was laughing away at the menu and tearing up napkins.  Mind you as someone who was a server I not only clean up after myself and my baby I also tip extra because I know how hard of a job it is.  He was the first person to "greet" me so I was relieved when I saw that the girl kept coming by.  I tried the Vietnamese Iced coffee- huge disappointment.  I am half-Vietnamese and it just didn't taste right.  It was like the condensed milk or the coffee was sour- not bitter mind you but distinctly sour.  The steamed pork dumplings, duck fried rice and spring rolls were good but mind you I was starving at around two or three pm and everything is delicious when you are starving.  The food came quickly (the place was pretty empty so I was not surprised.)  I did wish the duck fried rice had less hunks of duck fat which is a personal preference.  The duck itself was pretty good.  Before I left I asked when the dim sum cart went around and the girl pointed to it just sitting near the bar and said it is always available.  It's nice it is always available but how fresh could dim sum off that cart be?  This isn't a health code violation?  I think it was weird and I was happy I didn't ask about it earlier, see it and be weirded out and then look silly when I would probably be disgusted and not order anything off of it and then be totally embarrassed to have made the server bring it over and take it back!!
The blended burger was the Best I have ever had!  Very tasty and moist!! YUM!
They have huge delish salads.  They are just amazing!  And, they are nothing at all like Chipotle, they are miles better!  I just wish they had churros :]  yum!\n\nAnyways, I only go there and eat the salads.  Like i said, they are huge.  They take a hand made flour tortilla, and put it at the bottom, and then stack beans, meat (optional), lettuce, pico, guac, cilantro, and cheese.  I usually eat it with the cilantro ranch (at least i think its cilantro), and its delish, and super filling.  In fact, the salad is big enough for 2 people to split.   I do love this place!
Avoid! I ordered takeout from here this week and it was easily the WORST Thai I have ever had. I don't think anyone nvolved with this restaurant are Thai or know anything about cooking Thai food. \nThe pad thai - big lump of orange noodles with no meat, tofu, onions or peanuts. I also ordered the radnar and they used the wrong rice noodles and t was just a clump of noodles sitting in this flavorless grey sauce. The worst was the curry and the cashew nut chicken. The curry - could barely ke out any curry taste and it did not taste as if any coconut milk was used. The cashew nut chicken was like a chinese style stir fry in a grey, watery, flavorless gravy. \n\nAll in all horrible food. We had plenty of leftovers but nobody wanted to eat them.\n\nOh. The rice was ok.
Well this is a new fusion- Brazilian- Sushi. Can't say I've tried a newer combo, but from the little Brazilian treats I had here, I'd have to say it works. Located in the Palazzo,  this place has an upscale, trendy vibe. Service, seating and décor were all impressive. On to the food...\n\n\nWHEN YOU GO- reservations are recommended if you plan on stopping by after 6. The place gets uber crowded in the evenings, especially on weekends. Like I said, I didn't get to try as much of the Brazillian side of the menu as I'd like- I'll def concentrate more on that next time. I can speak for the Waygu Taquitos. Could be the best single bite of anything I had in Sushi Samba. Delightfully crisp and light, they were the best taquitos I've ever had. The sushi held it's own but they have a lot of competition in Vegas (see my Yellowtail review). I was impressed with the Lima (shrimp, crab and avo) and the El Topo (salmon, jalapeno and mozerella!). Excellent oyster menu as well. The Kumamto's were delicious, but at $5 ea, not the best deal in town.\n\nAll in all, I like Sushi Samba and will definitely be a return guest!
Very attentive waiter and waitress! I enjoyed My Pad Thai noodles and sticky rice. Also love the decoration and design inside. Coming back again forsure!
Great place never disappoints , music ,people , like being at home for breakfast !!!!!!!
Stopped in for lunch with a friend two weeks ago, and we both loved it! The service was great, food was delish and it wasn't crowded at all. The chicken cabbage salad was my FAVORITE! It was a little on the pricey side, for Vietnamese, but you definitely get what you pay for in this case. We'll be back soon!
Great Concept. \nGreat Food. \nGreat Wine. \nGreat Service. \nOh, did I tell you...amazing! \nDefiantly has now become our "TO GO" place! \nCongrats on you all.
had the kalbi and tofu soup on dinner break of a poker tournament.   food came out fast and was pretty good.  service is a lot better than DJK across the street and prices are good.
Not impressed with the food, but the atmosphere is fun which must be the only reason why the place has this much business. Well that, and the fact that its at Westgate.\n\nThe service was as expected, friendly and attentive. \nThe prices, even during Happy Hour, were fair to poor at best.\nI had the wings which were not that great and tasted like they were frozen many times.\nMy wife had the seafood dip which was more like seafood soup with cheese melted over it. It comes with garlic bread that was also straight from the freezer. \nSo to sum it up, if you want to be overcharged for food you could pull out of your own freezer, go here. \n\nI wont be back.
Drag brunch show was lame. The dancers spent the ENTIRE time walking around grabbing dollars. They were barely on stage. Considering the show is not cheap there should've been less emphasis on the dollars and more on the show. The food was decent.
I'm done ordering from here.  \n\nThe pizza is never ready on the time they say, 2 out of 5 times the order is wrong.  Customer services is really bad.  Order a cheese pizza with extra sauce, went to pick up, when I arrived home saw that on the bottom of pizza it had lots of veggies.  My kids don't eat that. They made us take veggie pizza back but never told me anything about giving us back the difference of the pizza. Veggie vs plain cheese.\nWhen we called to let them know, they argued that that was what we ordered  I was there when my husband order just plain cheese with extra sauce.\n\nThe pizza is good, but getting the wrong order a lot is not right.\n\nThe transaction was done 3/30/15, check you books for $21.51. Also my husband took the pizza from picture back to your restaurant.
One of the things I was thrilled about when I found this place is that there are two parking areas. One is very small to the right of the building but if that lot is full you  turn left down the alley and you will find a slightly larger one.\n\nWhen I entered I realized that this place was once a funeral home hence that would explain the parking. In the front is a coffee bar with goodies and a very relaxing fireplace area along with a patio. In the very front is a study area if you wish to use their internet. They also have outdoor seating as well.\n\nI stopped here for lunch so I was seated in the back. I noticed two, maybe three bar areas for later on in the day. They have a limited selection for lunch so I decided to opt for the hamburger and side salad. The waitress who attended me told me that if I didn't care for the sauce it came with she would put it on the side and bring me regular condiments. FYI-I was told that WiFi is bad in the back area and it is hard to get connected \n\nWhile I was waiting for my lunch I visited the coffee bar. I was amazed at the size of coffee they serve you for a reasonable price. They told me to stop over here for  dessert since they make their own fresh daily. This is a challenge for me since La Gourmandine is located just a couple of doors down from here. However, I told them I would stop over.\n\nIt did not take very long for me to get my food. My hamburger came as I had ordered well done and the salad was very good. There is nothing really special about the burger outside of the fact I enjoyed it.  They have a very limited lunch selection so there's not much to choose from. You are served water with a bottle and cork on it unless you want a beverage or brew.\n\nAfter I ate, I went over to the coffee bar and boy they were spot on about that coffee! So good!  I asked about their dessert offerings. They said their recommendation was the seasalt lemon tart. The also had what was called a malva loaf which is an African style dessert. They also had a huge brownie big enough for two people to eat. These are just a few of their offerings.\n\nI settled for the malva loaf to take home with me and refrigerate it. They told me it was thick and filling and believe me when I dug into it they were true to their word! i really enjoyed this dessert so I'm saving some till tomorrow to finish it.\n\nThe atmosphere is more like Halloween than a former funeral home. Yet I was pleased with my visit. Again I feel that they should add more to their lunch offerings. The folks I was talking to at the next table told me they didn't know this place served lunch. As a final note if you order a sandwich you get a choice of either pork rinds, french fries. or a miniature version of their tossed salad.
Loved the sushi here. Presentation is next level. Only qualm is the pricing. There are others that are cheaper though I think you pay for some of the ambience. Liked the way that every party gets their own little spot covered by drapery. Nice for quiet conversations.
This place is awesome. The service was really nice & quick. The zonkey fries are awesome, try them! You won't regret it. The food was really good, we had zonkey fries, tamales, a blue balls margarita & a pineapple vanilla margarita. TRY THIS PLACE!!! IT'S SO GOOD!! XD
Absolutely love this place .. Iced coffee is great for the price and the boba is awesome ! Donuts are always fresh and the customer service is excellent ! Keep up the good work !
This is one of my favorite places to go for lunch. I really like the atmosphere, and the quick service coupled with good - and huge - sandwiches. I've never tried their salad bar, but they also have really, really good ice cream free for anyone (even if you don't order anything), which is always a fun way to finish off the meal. I like to get the Beefeater, but I like almost everything they have. Occasionally the person at the register seems a little harried or rushed and doesn't stop to explain certain specials or meal deals, which has resulted in me or a friend not getting what they expected. I always try to take it slow when ordering.\n\nThe next thing I want to try is one of their baked potatoes!
We were excited to try this new Chandler restaurant. We wanted breakfast on a Sunday morning and we are always in the market for a breakfast place that serves alcohol. I loved the outside of the restaurant and the ambience was very classy. We sat at the bar , ordered a drink and sat and waited ..... and waited ..... and waited for someone to take our order. Finally our orders were taken ..... the American skillet with poached eggs and the grilled cheese/ tomato soup combo with waffle fries. The food took a while to come out and once it did the fries were cold and tough. The poached eggs in the cold skillet were hard boiled and the portions were very tiny for the price. Very disappointed and we won't be back .
Manager named Matt very receptive to suggestions. Food is OK. Needs to teach the help not to grab the coffee cups or water glasses on the lip of the glass. I don't want to drink the servers DNA.\nOtherwise he is very helpful and good employee. Panera should continue to keep him happy
Great ambiance, service, food and prices! Went here for the first time during a Monday night football game. There wasn't a bad seat in the place to watch the game. There were TVs all over and a big screen you could see from anywhere in there. Our server Jimmy was awesome! He had several tables, but we never felt neglected. He was very attentive and kind. We had beer (which was only $3), well drinks (which were $4) and appetizers that were only $5. The food was delicious, the beer was cold and our service outstanding. We'll be back for sure!!
Awful experience the morning of 3/9/17. Our party of three arrived and waited at the hostess stand to be seated. The hostess was flirting with a table of guys so we had to wait a few minutes before we were even acknowledged. We had to wait about 15 minutes for a table which was reasonable considering how busy it was. When we were seated she places us along the rail right in the direct sun. When we asked if we could possibly be moved further down the rail into the shady side she just walked away without a word. \n\nOur server Brian M. greeted our table right away but it was all downhill after that. It took 20 minutes for him to arrive with our drinks. When our food came out, everyone's entrees came out except for mine. Our server never returned to check on us. Finally my friend walked over to another server asking her to please send him over. He came over and I explained I never received my entree. By this time ten minutes had passed since everyone else had gotten their food. Another ten minutes go by and finally Brian M. returns with my dish completely unapologetic. He was gone again before we could ask to order another round of drinks. \n\nThe food was just okay, nothing spectacular. There are many other great choices along the strip. We will never return to this establishment..
I regretfully still have to go back at night because they don't do the milk bread at lunch, but this place is adorable (as is the whole town) and everything was great. Kind of a bummer that they don't offer their claim to fame all day though!
Pizza was good but Service was slow and rude. They had everyone else's pizza ready but I had to wait 15-20 mins for a deep dish. Someone came and gone with the same exact order before mine. Gave excuses of short staff but couldn't give an estimated time on my order.
I love this little gem in the heart of Gilbert. Just as a small heads up, if you do not like feta or capers this may want to be a place you avoid because they are on 80% of the food and they do not so substitutions. I ordered one of the shrimp dishes and it was awesome however they didn't clean the artichokes perfectly and I got a few chokes in the middle. The whole party I went with had awesome meals and the feta salad dressing is amazing!!! I am not a huge fan of dressing and I loved it. Most definitely will be back!
I had breakfast here on a trip to Phoenix and it was to die for! I got the special which was a 3-egg scramble with cheese, spinach, and ham - SO GOOD. The eggs tasted SO fresh. THE BEST PART - the HASH BROWNS. Oh my gosh, I have never tasted hash browns like that before - they were perfect! Crunchy on the outside, perfectly cooked on the inside - yum yum. The toast was made fresh (like my mom's), and was THE best toast I have ever had at a restaurant. Fresh squeezed OJ was dynamite! SO GOOD! Best OJ I have ever had. Even the coffee was good!! Great vibe - really small place so no wonder there is a wait. PLUS, I saw the workers give a little to-go box to one of the homeless guys on the street - LOVE THAT!! Not only does this place have great food and great service, but they are caring people!
The food was AMAZING and the people who helped us were extremely nice. Happy and always smiling feels very welcoming. I had the lunch special pad Thai with the lemon Grass . I would highly recommend this place to everyone.
You'd think this place was a cocktail bar, but to my delight, the food was incredible.  We ordered the pork belly lettuce wrap, poke with crispy rice, and grilled octopus. The pork was perfectly seasoned.  The crispy rice added a crunchy contrast to the poke. The octopus came out on a bed of beans with veges, and was perfectly cooked and tender. \n\nThe real gem was our server, Kaylin.  She was extremely knowledgeable about both the drink and food menus.   She recommended the Velvette Reveler (a gin drink) for me and a Street Fighter (mescal-based and not even on the menu) for my husband.  Absolutely fantastic!\n\nI would definitely recommend this place to friends, family, and anyone visiting Scottsdale.
Great place for lunch!  Nice cozy feeling inside, friendly servers and good food!  I had the country fried steak which was perfect, and the biscuits are as good as everyone says. When I saw they had key lime pie on the dessert menu, that sealed the deal. I had it of course, and it was delicious!  \nDish has a nice home style atmosphere, with just enough of a funky vibe to set it apart. I'll be back.
I typically do not eat Szechuan food because this cuisine tends to be too spicy and greasy for me; but when I do (because of friends & family), my choice is Lao Sze Chuan.  Welcome to Las Vegas, Chef Tony!  It's good to dine at your restaurants in Chicago and it's great to have you here in Vegas!  My favorite is Tony's chicken with 3 chili!  Love the fact that the prices are GREAT, especially in a casino!
This place is amazing!! I would go again! My friend recommended it to me and I loved it! The waitress was good and the food was great. I had the #1 breakfast sandwich and potatoes. The potatoes had just enough rosemary on it. My friends had the bacon chicken pancakes and loved it and pork belly sandwich. Go here but use the no wait app! If you don't use the app you'll wait over an hour to sit down.
Went for dinner on Thursday night, Joe the sommelier was absolutely amazing and made excellent recommendations across the menu and the wine list. He was knowledgeable and engaging and made the night! Would highly recommend!!
...It is expensive... Ya!\n...It is Classy and a lovely place to enjoy incredible food... Ya!\n...it has a delightful and impressive menu... Ya!\n\nDo they have the best staff to meet, seat and greet? You betta believe it...Nathan behind the bar, Adam tag teams behind the bar and on the floor and Blake is on the floor.  No one could ask for better service with a warm smile!\n\nI love these guys and have followed them from one 5-Star foodie hang to the next...you will too!\n\nI have enjoyed the steaks prepared perfectly, the Salmon exquisitely grilled and the lamb lollipops that make you want to order another.\nThe sides all speak volumes of flavor and the desserts add more calories than you should count.\n\nNevertheless, these is one of my Favs!
Have been twice and love the building and what's been done with the space.  I am writing this review in the hopes that Mgt reads this.  Love the concept and would love to see this place succeed.  First and foremost nearly every bartender moves like an extra out of The Walking Dead (I mean the Zombies, not the humans!).  Twice we've been in and twice I have witnessed and overheard griping about the slowness.  \n\nOn a more positive note, I ordered a Ceviche from Adobo Dragon and it was a nice sized portion with the unusual flavor pairing of pineapple with the fish.  Creative and refreshing.  Again the service, believe it or not, was slow as molasses.  Ceviche for the dining area means scooping same into a ToGo container and a bag of chips.  Fifteen minutes? Really?\n\nThey need a real manager or two in there to keep people focused and moving, other than that, we have a winner here.
Found this place through Yelp.  One of the few good "local" places in North Las Vegas.  \n\nI love the guacamole that they make at the table.  Tip: ask them to make it spicy.  I've been there 3-4 times now and keep trying new stuff.  Haven't found a bad dish yet!\n\nLooking forward to taking friends here to show there are good non-fast-food options in NLV.
Ok one word YUM\nI haven't had Thai in a year or so I was excited when a friend invited me here for lunch.  I arrived about 11:40 on a week day thinking I was going to miss the crowd but the place was quickly filling up and by 12  there was a line out the door.  Fresh Basil Rolls for life please , they were so yummy sucks that you only get two but it's a nice appetizer to share. I tried the Pad See- Eu with shrimp . They give a decent amount of shrimp large helping of noodles but I felt like the broccoli portion could have been a bit better. This was a quick lunch so I wasn't in there for very long but over all a pretty nice Thai place. \nIt just sucks that its uptown an the parking is the worst but I will definitely be back for dinner !
Sushi and Italian well done, quaint spot off the main strip so you can enjoy quiet peaceful meal before going big.  Had the Bolognese, yellow tail, seafood pasta, and the salmon pasta at our table, all exceptional.  Fun owners operators!
Bar tender really bad.  Stands in front of you and acts busy.  We ate and had a few drinks and he could not even refill the drinks.  Food is not great and with this service I'd say find someplace else. Who needs bad service at these prices!!!
Not what I expected from the reviews I read. I had the duck and my gf had the gnocchi. Both were over cooked. And the duck plain. We loved the Colomba beer and the basil creme brûlée. The waiter was also very nice! It was a bit overpriced for what we received though. Overall we were a little disappointed.
If you can't fly to Mexico with Cap'n Lefty, go to Wadaa Street Tacos in Scottsdale. Without a doubt, the best food on our trip!    \nSave your time and waistline and enjoy high quality superb unpretentious food.\nThis is the real deal! My F/O loves it too. This is a destination, not an alternate!!!
Definitely the BEST coffee in Madison. You will not find a beverage more carefully crafted. Also you can sip espresso, while playing free pacman, surrounded by a bunch of men that look straight out of the movie Newsies?? Yes please!!
Well executed, tasty comfort food in a casual atmosphere with genuinely friendly service. Keep up the great work guys!
Well that was a surprise. Always ignoring this inconspicuous pizza place across from G Square, I never realized that in fact, it is not a pizza place at all. They do serve Pizza, but they also serve Pide, a Turkish Flatbread that is really, seriously good. \n\nThe SO and I popped in on Saturday between a trip to Home Depot and some grocery shopping. We chatted with the enthusiastic Turkish owner, who was happy to explain to us how everything worked. \n\nI don't eat meats, so we went for a Spinach and feta Pide with ground beef on half. It was made fresh for us, and was ready in about 15 min. Served on a long plank, with parsley, lemon, tomato, raw onion and hot pickled peppers, the Pide is about a foot and a bit long and cut into manageable pieces. We doused it in (Sumac? Chili?) mysterious red seasoning and dug in. \n\nIt was REALLY GOOD. Folding in bits on onion and parsley just upped each bite. Delicious. \n\nAll sorts of drinks available as well, including a sour and salty Turkish yogurt style drink which I will have to try next time. \n\nTotal Damage $9.99 plus tax.  lunch for two.\n\nBonus Points\n- Really tasty unique food that is a welcome change. (extra star)\n- made Fresh to order\n- Really enthusiastic friendly owner\n- Lots of options to choose from on the menu\n- TWO of us ate lunch for $9.99 (extra star)\n- Nothing else good to eat in proximity\n- Super Close to my house\n- You can call and order ahead of time\n- Street Parking or parking for a few cars in the ally beside the pet groomers\n- A Million Times better than Pizza. \n\nMinus Points\n- No frills, nothing to look at, no ambiance. \n- No whole wheat\n- Sketchy 'hood\n\n4.5 Stars
the food is blah, the service is great.
One of the best cappuccinos in town! Easy. & their drive-thru is open 24/7! I will go out of my way to get this specific drink from them. It's over 25 mins from my house. I'm not sure about their other drinks. I'm somewhat of a purist when it comes to coffee. But, I do appreciate that they use Intelligentsia Black Cat roast. I highly recommend it!
Nice and convenient for those living in the north east gta that like asian food.  Much better than your average bubble tea shop food.
I cannot rave enough about their shrimp tacos! I will drive from downtown any day to get them! The food here is really good and at a great price. The perfect spot to get quick good food, the service is always friendly too.
My second time to Nakama left a lasting impression enough for me not to ever come back. I ordered the shrimp and chicken during the lunch hour and it wasn't good. I couldn't even finish, or get all of the side dishes. I was gonna take it home for the dogs but they wouldn't have eaten it either. I had a friend pay for me but I felt so bad she wasted her money on that shitty meal. Also, take a look at the cleanliness. Or lack there of. A lot of work needs to be done or just shut it down altogether!!
I frequent Montana Meat and Iv'e noticed a steady decline in food quality during lunchtime especially. Today was the first time I had been there in a month since the last time  I got ridiculous food poisoning from an undercooked hamburger. this time i ordered it medium instead. It tasted slimy and smelt like fish as if the beef was being cooked on the same grill as the seafood. I had a mountain dew to drink which was flat. I used to go exclusively for breakfast but there is a certain waitress who seems to have trouble getting orders correct and makes excuses when stuff comes out wrong. I used to ask for the waiter who looked like the incredible hulk only not green, he was the best server they had and i was told he was let go.
* Service was great!\n\n* Food was awesome!\n\n* Prices are fantastic!\n\n*Vibe was mellow and exactly what I needed\n\nDefinitely will be visiting again, in fact, this weekend!
We were here on 11/5 to catch some NFL games and meet friends.  We had several items including their Arizona smoked wings, salads and their "carnivore" pizza .... all were great.  Our waitress was very attentive even though the place was very busy on an NFL Sunday afternoon.  Had some great adult beverage prices too.  A great place to hang out and catch some games.
Worst deli I have ever been to!!! The place is large, but when I arrived a 1:30pm, it was empty (should have taken that as a sign). I am a sucker for good chopped liver, so I decided on the Dunn's Favorite (triple decker with chopped liver & fried onions on the bottom layer and egg salad on the top layer). I had to remove the crust on the bread since it was so "rubbery" I couldn't bite through it. There was about 2 tablespoons of chopped liver and even less egg salad. The chopped liver tasted old and had an unusual color, the fried onions were burnt and oily (I tasted them for at least 24 hours and no toothpaste or gum could eliminate), the egg salad had no seasoning. The meal came with fries, pickle, and cole slaw. I  tasted the cole slaw - Not Good, and decided against trying the pickle since I had more sightseeing to do and didn't want to have an unfortunate accident!\n\nI complained to my server about the sandwich, and was told that some people like it and some people don't. Never assumed there may be something wrong with it or asked if I wanted something else. Gave me the bill for my $12.95 sandwich, I paid it, and left with the knowledge I would write a review.\n\nDunn's Famous is overpriced, lacks customer service, puts out terrible food, and should be accused of fraud for calling itself a deli!
Update: unfortunately this place closed down. Hard to stay a float I guess. \nPity.
Okay, let me start this review by first saying I've eaten here three times and I love this restaurant! Let me also say that I initially decided to rate the restaurant with 5 stars. The first time I came here, I ordered the pate as a first course and the chicken as a second course. One really has to try the dirty bread pudding accompaniment to believe how good it is. The second time I came I again enjoyed the pate so much that I got it again but this time enjoyed the pork tenderloin. The third time I returned, I know it shows a real lack of imagination, but I had to get the pate again. This time, however I had the poached cod. Unbelievable!\n\nI have to say that the food is beautifully prepared. The Manhattans that we had with dinner were some of the best I've had in Pittsburgh, comparing very nicely to Butcher and the Rye which I place at the top. I do notice a subtle change in the attitude of the restaurant, however. This time, when we went, we were told by our waitress that we could no longer place our order for a first course, enjoy our drinks, and then place our order for our entree after relaxing over the pate. We were told that everything had to be placed at once. Now I get it, small kitchen. It's just that there's been a bit of a shift from a friendly atmosphere - to one where the emphasis seems to be less on the patron and more on the needs of the kitchen. Still, I guess they know what they need to get the job done. Fair enough.\n\nWhen it was time to have dessert and coffee, we ordered dessert and each had a coffee. Again choosing to relax over coffee each desiring a cup and then a second cup we were told that $4 each for coffee ($8)  buys you one cup each. If you'd like another cup, well, you don't get another cup. Go ahead and buy another cup. $16 for two cups each of coffee does not seem reasonable. To be fair, we still enjoyed our meal. The meal was expertly prepared. The only problem is that we felt that $143 for 2 should entitle you to relax over dessert and a couple of cups of coffee for a few minutes. We left feeling unloved. Well fed, but unloved. 5 stars for the food -1 star for the lack of love!
I've been here a few times. The staff is a delight and the food options are creative. If your looking for tasty food & delicious drinks this is your place!
My wife and I really want to like this place and we have been twice.  Both times, the service was quite nice and the ambience was chic and classy.  A good new restaurant for Kent.  When I went for lunch a couple of weeks ago, the sandwich I had  was fine.  \n\nBut dinner was a different story.  My crab cakes ($20 without any side) were quite mediocre, tasting more of breading than crab.  My wife ordered a chicken, mushroom and pappardelle dish  ($14 without sides) which was overly salty.  Since this can mar any dish, it is something the cooks need to watch out for.\n\nWith side salads, the cost is about $50 for two without drinks.  I think for this price, the entrees should be better than something we could easily whip up at home.
I had an amazing experience! I had a 6oz filet and lobster with the French onion and broccoli! Everything was cooked perfectly. The French onion soup was really cheesy and came out piping hot! The manager, Craig, even came to chat with us to see how everything was going. He was extremely polite and caring! He truly cares about his customers.
Second time here and will be last. Was mid evening 815 or so and though I would try again after a poor visit the first time.  Only 2 people behind the counter, a 3rd sitting in the dining area sucking on a coke. Two people were waiting for orders and we had to wait a couple minutes to even order our food. One employee was going as fast as she could to make everything, the other appeared to be working in slow motion. The third disappeared from the dining room, never to be seen again. Order taken, 3 more groups walk in behind us after we sit and wait for a few minutes. Better part of 10 minutes later, we get our food the same time as the groups behind us. Now 15 min after we arrive our burgers are lukewarm and the fries had a marginally crispy outer with a mushy center.  Save yourself the time and money, there are better, faster places within a minutes drive.
Always enjoy getting bottle service at Tao, people watching with a cigar while great music is in the backdrop.\n\nNot too big on covering clubs but my experience here was unique as I had people I didn't know wanting to sit and enjoy a few friends who joined me but I thought paying for bottle service perhaps they should tip me for taking a seat.. Lol -\n\nI had the fun of watching dancing Barry (don't know his name in real life) but he was the center of attention believe it or not.  He was a dancing machine, off beat but fun.  Reminded me of an intolerable, yet flexible work trying to survive one beat after another while sweating profusely.  He was definitely an attention grabber whether positive or negative he was hated by men, but adored by women.\n\nTao is cool as there are other hot clubs in Vegas but I happen to like the 3 different clubs within playing any music you like.  \n\nRooftop bottle service at Tao on a summer night who could ask for anything else.\n\n-enjoy-
The pizza was good. No complaints but some of their staff came off rude when ordering what we wanted on our pizza.. As if it was insulting to them and we were ruining the pizza. Kind of made it uncomfortable but what can you do. I loved the design of the place and the small bar but will not be back.
So we went for Happy Hour to give this place a try. The hostess said martinis were on happy hour, the our server said they were not. The server proceeded to bring us the saltiest salsa we've ever had. When ask if it's always that salty, our server said yes that's the norm. I ordered Dos Tacos for $5, one pork and one chicken off the happy hour menu. I got 4 tacos and was charged $10. I asked for salsa verde, and our server said they didn't carry it. I asked the gentleman who brought our food and he said yes they had it, but then he never brought it. Then I asked our server again about salsa verde and she said it was a $2 up charge. I think what makes this a 1 star is the fact no one can get their story straight, the chips were horrible, and the salsa was almost inedible. As a Mexican restaurant, I'm a bit concerned they can't get salsa and chips right. The tacos were okay. However great people watching, just bring a flash light because it's super dark.
Love the panera food but this location's service is awful. Went for breakfast and there was barely anyone there. There was only one person at the cash and about 4 to  5 people elsewhere in the restaurant. The person at cash was extremely slow and at one point walked away for a good 5 minutes in the middle of taking order. Of the 4 breakfast items we ordered we had to ask for them to give it to us on 4 different occasions. They brought one slice of bread for our order of toast which was untoasted, no butter or jam or cutlery with it. We had to take it back and ask for them to rectify.  The bagel with cream cheese had to be reminded twice before they decided they we had actually ordered and paid for it. I have visited many panera locations in GTA and in the US but never experienced such bad service anywhere. The only reason this has two star is because their food is standard Panera food.
We used to go during the week but found that going on the week-ends was better because it is busier and the foodies not sit as long in the trays.  The soups are good. I mix the egg drop with some hot and sour, put in some wontons and it is really good.  There are several selections but we like the spicy crab the best.  Most of the food is replenished quickly except for the crab legs and the spicy crab.  I wonder if this is done on purpose.
This restaurant was highly recommended by friends who had frequented it for twenty years! That, in and of itself, is a heckuva endorsement! We met said friends at restaurant while visiting Las Vegas.  The food was hot, delicious, nice portions, large selections, good service.  I can't think of a thing I didn't like!   If I lived here, I'd be a regular, too!  The colorful Mexican art on the walls was a real treat for this South Carolina girl.  Good salsa!
Came in on a Saturday night and was surprised and it wasn't more busy.\n\nHad a tough time picking what to order, there were so many options! I ended up getting the elk currywurst. Caution : I don't recommend getting the game meats currywurst style. The menu warns everyone against it but I thought I would try to be daring #regrets. \nI had the hot dog during my previous visit and thought it was much better ratio of carbs and meat. (FYI- Got the kangaroo hot dog last time and liked it a lot more).\n\nThe maple rosemary with duck bits ice cream is a must try! Really enjoyed the contrast of the creamy and crunchy texture, the cold ice cream and the warm fries bits and the sweet and herby flavor. I would honestly come back just for this. \n\nAmbiance wise, I loved the big red wall and the coat hangers are a nice touch especially in the winter.\n\nYou have to get up and line up near the front to order. The lined moved quite slow but the food came out fast.
We eat here all the time service is pretty good and the food is always good I sent back 1 time just because of bein cold no big deal and the price is the best with all the comps we get for playing...lol
Overall, a good seafood buffet. Dinner has Crab Leg and Raw Sashimi and price is very competitive. Lunch is good money value, with 10 bucks you could take a supreme Hibachi grill plate with scallop, beaf, salmon, chicken and shrimp. The Hibachi plate and sushi tastes better than all buffet style sushi and hibachi place within 20 miles. ( I am a lover of those two). \n\nHowever, if you are fans of Panda Express type food, or a lover of American style Chinese food, or you don't like eating sushi and raw fish, then this place doesn't provide a lot of choices. \n\nThings I take every time:\nLunch: Hibachi with Beef, Shrimp, Salmon and Scallop, Salmon Sushi, Sea Weeds salad, tomato soup,  \nDinner: Same as lunch plus : Raw Fish Filet (sashimi) and crab legs.\n\nFor new to raw fish filet and sushi, my suggestion is taking a cup of hot tomato soup first, warm yourself up, then start those cold raw sea products.
My friend and I went here for breakfast one morning and fell in love. The women that work there are so sweet and we could tell that they loved what they did! The food was delicious! We shared a more savory one and a sweet one and both were to die for! If you haven't stopped by this place yet you definitely should!
After seeing my friend's posts on Facebook, I decided to check it out for myself. I could see why they were ranting and raving about this place! I ordered a garlic bento, which comes with your choice of fried rice, 2 pieces of...garlic chicken, Teri beef, spam, hot dogs & sweet potato tempura! Need I say more? This was enough to satisfy the biggest Hawaiian appetite! Last but not least, they have my fave dessert, tempura ice cream!! The food was cooked to perfection and tasted as good as it looked!
Excellent service and consistently good breakfast.  The owner acknowledges his guests to ensure the best service.\n\nKenny Heuer\nACCENTRICK TINT
This is the closest one to us which our default location...service is ok, usually our order gets messed up...but food is always good! Love the beer selection too!
Service-average. Long wait time from order to serve. \nFood- fair (we tried salmon entree & a flatbread) \n\nDrinks- worst part...NOT GOOD AT ALL. After waiting over 30 min for my drink, the "special" tasted like hand soap (mint & lemon)...I don't return food/drinks almost ever but just could not even choke down the drink...the replacement I got (basic margarita) was watered down tasted like it had been sitting in a pitcher for awhile.\n\nOverall prices aren't ridiculous but for the product, you're better off elsewhere.\n\nDefinitely will not go back & would not recommend.
My family and I have eaten at Oreganos several times. The Italian sauces have an excellent flair and are very tasty. I prefer the marinara sauce. It is rich, red and spiced perfectly. The staff is always courteous and helpful. There are several locations throughout the greater Phoenix area, and we have eaten at three of them.  Our experience is the consistency of all three is very good. The pasta has a fresh home made taste. The breads our fresh and very tasty. They have an adequate selection of reasonably priced wines. Oreganos is far and away much better than any other chain Italian restaurant we have ever eaten at. They have an extensive menu with a great variety of choices. For everything you get, we also find it very reasonably priced. Adequate parking also. Make sure that you try this place if you enjoy Italian!!
Went there today, and enjoyed a great lunch. The service was excellent and the food was quite good!! I recommend this place to those looking for affordable Asian cuisine.
Been going to Spobo's for years now since it's a good lunch option. Used to always get the Spolumbo' Special or the 9th Ave - which are amazing - but are way to filling for lunch for me. You can get them as a 'mini' instead which is a good option but lately I've been loving their Egg Salad on Brown Bread sandwich instead.\n\nThey have specials pretty much every day of the week. It's always packed from like 11:30 - 1:30 so if you want a bigger table, quicker parking or quicker service avoid this time frame.\n\nIt's also licensed so you can get a cold pint with lunch if you want, or they have a good selection of pop and now carry OddWalla juices.\n\nIf you're a sports buff, you'll appreciate all of the jerseys, helmets and other cool stuff the guys have collected and put up on the walls over the years.\n\nOh and Pesto Pasta Salad is awesome.
Seated immediately. Nice decor more rustic meets modern. Set up so it's not too crowded. Cool temp not cold. Waitstaff and owner were personable and friendly. Made suggestions and were descriptive. Dolce Diavolo pizza was surprisingly delicious. Enough spice to taste the other flavors. Risotto Balls were crispy and great sauce on the side. Overall enjoyable experience & plan to come back only if they incorporate Craft Beers!!! *hint hint
If you are looking for to go pizza, this is not the place.  We have tried to order "to go" on numerous occasions but every time  we are told there is almost a 2 hour wait.  \n\nFinally, after being frustrated that they always seem busy, I asked if we came and order at the bar would it be faster and they said yes. \n\nSo it seems it takes pizza to go longer to bake than if you sit in and eat.
Best falafel in PHX metro. These guys make it all fresh. I'm vegetarian, so I can really only speak for non meat items, but I have enjoyed everything I've tried there.  The owner and staff are also very nice.
Awesome Tacos and great salsa bar... Fast, inexpensive, delicious, and right downtown. A perfect lunch hangout when downtown.
The service is one star and the food is three star. So I compromised with 2 stars. Seriously... I think they're standing outside going "hey you wanna work tonight?" To people passing by to see what hits. Do they HAVE training? A manager? Any kind of quality control? \n\nMy daughter in law said she had mentioned we were going here and her co worker warned her the service was horrible. They were right. \n\nTherefore... The food is good but absolutely not worth putting up with such bad service.
I'm glad to have a Nando's close to my house- it's always a hit! Love the medium spices - do not order hot as its way too spicy. Bathrooms were clean and service was great! Love the chocolate cake dessert
Perhaps typing this review while I'm anxiously awaiting lunch hour is not the best idea, I'm drooling on my keyboard thinking about the Stand goodness! I've been here a half-dozen times now, have brought friends with me and everyone has loved everything they've gotten. I'd say the burger is my favorite item, and if you're feeling like a serious indulgence go for the Salted Dulce de Leche Shake - its like heaven in a cup. \n\nI've ordered and ate inside as well as gone through the drive-thru window there, and each time my experience has been great. They're making the meals to order, so obviously you're going to wait a minute that but that's better than being served a heat-lamp patty anyday! I love that the burgers as seasoned so well, amazing every time. The fries weren't really my thing, but I'm a picky fry eater so that's to be expected. The tacos were really good too, I've tried all of them and typically lean toward the chicken one as my favorite. \n\nGive the stand a shot, you're going to be glad you did. Can't beat hot, fresh, made to order food for a reasonable price! :)
The food is great! The Crispy Pata was great. I would like to try more food next time. Service is amazing. I would definitely come back for more. Will recommend it to my friends.
This restaurant is located on a pleasant street in Downtown Concord near other stores. It has a clean, rustic decor with a mixture of trattoria, country, and industrial design features. Our server was pleasant and willing to chat with us. The owner was on the location and visited another table, but not hours.\n\nOur lunches were tasty and affordable. I had pasta alla vodka and my wife had a Reuben with southern potato salad. We will return for dinner next time we are in town in order to sample a larger menu.
Tried the Afterurner Burger with smoky ghost pepper jack cheese (Amazing), and my wife had the Chicago Burger with homemade onion rings (Delish)! Awesome burgers. Fantastic variety of sodas. We'll be back!
I finally made it here and was so glad I did. What an unexpected gem on East Ohio Street, with charming decor and architecture, extremely friendly service, and a delicious array of food.\n\nI felt so welcome from the minute I approached the counter to the minute I left, it was almost like I was visiting someone's home.  While this is somehow listed as "caterers" on Yelp, it is definitely open for eating in for lunch or taking out back to the office. I had chicken and a side dish, which were way better than fast food but without the time commitment of a sit-down restaurant. The dining area is a good size and they bring the food to you and apparently just began cleaning up after you as well. \n\nI will definitely go back!
